*January 1*

*The Banquet Of Life*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of divine love.

I greet you this day in merriment and laughter, joy and freedom. I invite you to the banquet of life. Gaze at the table spread before you: the delicious zest of challenges yet unmet; the wonderful nourishment of companions, friends and family; the spice of those whom you shall meet but not understand—those most contrary flavors that often make the meal and bless the feast—and, above all, the beauty of the banquet hall.

Gaze about you today in prayerful thanksgiving for the beauties that love has made.

You are a perfect and divine part of a perfect and divine creation. And that which you see before your eyes may be feast or famine. Ask of yourself that you choose what you shall see. And if you choose to see the riches of the creation of the Father, great riches indeed shall you see.

We leave you in peace, joy and laughter, now and ever. Amen.

*January 2*

*The Joy In Labor*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of Christ, the principle expressed by Jesus Christ. I greet you in the love that creates, sustains, renews and transforms all of creation.

We see that your minds are much bent upon the prosecution of worldly duties. We suggest to you that all employment is gainful if it be centered on the love of the Creator, expressed in any way whatsoever that seems most fitting to you.

However, there is no employment which is gainful if there is removed from the doer of such work the consciousness of the true motivation of all labor; that is, the glory, the worship, and the rejoicing in the presence and the power of the love of Christ which lies behind and is the motivation for all labor.

There is no less joy in working over columns of figures or recalcitrant earth than there is in studying the most exalted thoughts and sayings, if both tasks be done in equal consciousness of the end of all labor. Be you, therefore, mindful, as you work and as you rest from work, that all things adumbrate to the glory of the Creator, or the hollow echo of your weary soul shall fail to satisfy, whatever your labor.

We leave you in the peace of the mind that dwells in love, now and evermore. Amen.

*January 3*

*A Day Of Forgiveness*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in whole and divine love.

The Master calls each to a day of forgiveness. Let this be such a day.

During this day, note each to whom your heart has become hard, that you may take this opportunity to call and pray for grace; that you may know how to forgive; that you may learn the gentility, the transformation, and the peace of forgiving.

For what is there to forgive between children in the same family? Do not all families learn from rubbing against each other, perhaps even causing friction but always working as a family? Such is your condition as a soul in the creation in which all of consciousness are children of one Father.

Let this day be your day of forgiveness of others, of yourself, and of your Father. Many things are beyond understanding. But the love and the peace of forgiveness are food for the heart and drink for eternity.

We leave you in forgiveness, peace and divine love, this day and evermore. Amen.

*January 4*

*The Cold Of Human Commonplace*

I am of that principle which is the essence of divine love. I greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is in Jesus the Christ.

How tightly are the seeds furled against the cold of winter this day. And how tightly are your hearts guarded in their hope for growth. They contract, shrinking from the cold of the human commonplace.

Yet we say to you that within the spirit of the consciousness of love lies an eternal springtime. Seek in each daily activity this day the dance of joy which the spirit offers to unfurl the heart within and to join work and love.

May your day dance. May your heart know both winter and the goodness of nurturing and waiting and the eternal springtime of right action led in hope, love and peace. For as you call the spirit, so these qualities come in answer.

We leave you in that great peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 5*

*The Home Of The Heart*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ, the vibration of the full consciousness of love which comforts this instrument. I offer greetings to you who come in the name of love, greetings of love, of wisdom, of understanding, of power, and of all the mysteries that cannot be grasped or solved within the world of your minds, hearts and hands.

Yet I come without a home, seeking the only home which the consciousness of love may ever have: the home of the heart, the mind, and the hand which seeks, accepts and worships those mysteries which, through faith, seem lovely and true.

Into your home we come to dwell, thanking you for your hospitality and sharing with you those light qualities that may illumine your home and structure and manifest the full consciousness of love into the world which you know and of which you must expect the giving and taking of many confused perceptions.

The spirit and you who seek the consciousness of love are one, incomplete without each other, united before time and after time. We thank each who invites love and to each we shall come in joy.

May peace be yours now and ever. Amen.

*January 6*

*Yielding To Unmastered Destiny*

I am the Comforter of this child, the principle of the full consciousness of love. I come in the name of Jesus Christ and greet you in the consciousness of love.

Aforetimes it has often been said that men will do as they do for reasons unknown even to them and that the world is a various place, full of difficulties and unexpected pitfalls. And so there is no need to plan for the future; no need to attempt the goodness of spirit or a trusting quality in personality. For are not all things blown by the wind and destined to perish?

Indeed, this yielding to destiny will always be a temptation for those who strive to know the love of Jesus Christ. Such is the appearance of your mundane world. This is why the door is so often closed against our advent into your consciousness, The world you perceive is too much with you and the world you wish to perceive is invisible. What need would there be of faith if you could see the wind and fire of spirit and transformation?

Yet we ask that as each perception of unmastered destiny rises before you, you open the door to a new perception of that same destiny in order that your present moments may find all things possible and all hope gladdening your heart and encouraging your thoughts.

Seek us. Seek love. Seek the truth. For only through determination can such a measure of intelligence come through the doors of your perception.

May you seek and practice peace and may peace be yours, now and ever. Amen.

*January 7*

*Spend Yourselves Wisely*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of love. I come in the name of Jesus the Christ, in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

It is an unhappy thing that your peoples find so much pleasure in vain recreations and idle pursuits. For the right use of the illusion may be seen to be that not of the path of least resistance but often the path of most resistance.

Yet it is no penalty to those who must rest from their labors. Rather, it shall be seen, in the context of larger life, that so much precious time was spent as a spendthrift spends money, not for gain but for gadgets.

Spend yourselves, my children, and do not count the cost. Insofar as your will is able to lead you, when the time comes for rest accept your limitations and lie down to be comforted in whatever distractions amuse you. Yet know that if there is energy within you and you spend it foolishly, you shall count it against yourself in the eternal now which is your birthright.

We wish you peace, yet peace which has the sword’s edge; peace that shall forever remove the virginity of innocent delight from your days and replace it with the worshipful gaze of the lover. Amen.

*January 8*

*The Holiness Of High Places*

I am of Jesus Christ. The full consciousness of love is the principle which wings my being into the nexus of your own. We who are of the principle of Jesus Christ greet you in that consciousness of love which pervades all things.

It has long been in the consciousness of humankind that the high places, the mountains and hills, are holy. Is there superstition and false belief to the holiness of high places? Perhaps some, and yet it is most certainly true that the spirit of the one Lord of all things dwells more purely in less cluttered atmospheres and is more prevalent in the perceptions of those who seek to rise, literally and symbolically, from the miasma of thought pollution which infects any crowded community.

We are able to speak anywhere, under any conditions. Yet the voice of love is often silent. To hear the stillness, it is often most helpful that the distractions of noise from other minds and other hearts which seek after other faces of the Lord be somewhat removed, both literally and, shall we say, psychologically. If you cannot get yourself to a high place within your external world, be absolutely certain that the high places within your own hearts are kept.

We leave you in the peace of holy places and still thoughts, now and forever. Amen.

*January 9*

*The Heart Of What You Learn*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Much is not known to you. And because your minds ceaselessly seek knowledge, your ignorance is a burden. And you are concerned with learning more, gaining information and so controlling your environment.

The forces of love are not inimicable to the forces of mind. Rather, the voice of the spirit is that which, through and beneath all written and intellectual learnings, brings the heart of what you learn to the center of your own mind, thus ordering in a helpful and compassionate way that data which your mind would otherwise make into a maze into which it wanders, confused and uncertain.

By all means, seek that information which humankind has collected. But seek also that great judge and orderer of what is, for you and you alone, the creative and shaping force of the spirit of love. Thus peace and right knowledge shall be yours and your path shall be made clear. Trust your world, remembering to keep it in the hands of the spirit of Jesus the Christ.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 10*

*Behind Every Thought*

I am the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ in the vibration of the consciousness of love which is balanced fullness to this entity. We greet each in the full measure of love which is the Father’s birthright to His children and the nature of the universe.

In measured steps did the Creator move upon the waters of your consciousness to create a consciousness of peace, an awareness of light, and a sensibility to detect and discern the creatures and ministers of light. Behind every thought and every concept waiting behind the closed door of emotion, there waits the spirit of a lively and all-consuming love, a spirit which engenders peace and joy. In no way can we sell at reduced rates the precious gift which has no price but must exact from each recipient a small awareness in welcoming.

The emotions of darkness are like a cloud around the spirit of those who cannot find enough faith to ask that love’s consciousness be a gift in the darkness. Yet we pray and wait for the opportunity to shine like a beacon upon the inward thoughts of those who do seek peace. Though there is great mystery to the consciousness of love, yet the mystery lies not in the mechanics of connection with it.

My peace I leave with you, now and always. Amen.

*January 11*

*A Call To Action*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

This instrument asks me, “Am I ready? Am I tuned?” and we say, “No, my child. You are not ready, but you shall begin.”

And this is our call to those who live and hope to be pure, a call to action in knowledge that those who live are never ready. Those who are finally ready have no more acting to do.

Therefore, my children, be at peace with the actions which you undertake this day, seeking always to know the mind of Christ and to dwell in realms of peace.

And then so act that you may continue to be surrounded in the plenty and the bounty of peace in action. Those who are tranquil in activity are not necessarily wiser, yet they surely may act with more clarity. May you find that clarity. May you be, in action, at peace.

In this peace we leave you, now and ever.

*January 12*

*Lost In Love*

I am the principle of Jesus the Christ that speaks to the world this day. I greet you in love, peace and joy; the full consciousness that is divine love.

Each of you has this same divine love, this same voice, this same inspiration, and this same consciousness. This principle that speaks through this instrument is the immanent Creator. And each may open the heart and limber the ears inwardly to listen to that consciousness which is the Father.

To seek inspiration from sources which you trust is a good and blessed activity. But each of you is a child of the Father. And to each of you the Holy Spirit may come. Indeed, that spirit is with you. It is your choice whether or not to pray to hear that principle of Jesus the Christ which is the essence of the consciousness of love.

Value this within yourself. Honor, treasure and use it. Then you may move through your day and through your life in a blessed and purposive path, a joy to others and a growing joy to the self, lost, at last, in the Father and in love.

We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 13*

*Prepare A Way For Light*

We are of the principle of divine love and we greet you in the love of Jesus the Christ.

My children, it may seem to you that the road ahead this day contains within it a situation which calls upon the very greatest that is within you. For there is within your life a personal situation which seems resistant to prayer and outside the realm of the Holy Spirit.

Yet we say to you in the name of love that it is you who may make the difference this day for that person, for that situation. For when you behold a person in conflict and despair and lost from the light and the peace of God, you behold someone who has within the mind the picture that is jarring and painted in such a way as to disturb.

Let the spirit fill your mind with a positive and beautiful picture for that person and for that situation. It is not a difficult thing to do, for it is not done within yourself but by calling upon the spirit of love to illuminate and lighten the darkness of confusion and human concern.

It is said, “Let your light shine.” Know you that it is necessary only to prepare a way for the light of the perfect love of Jesus the Christ to shine through you and all situations, all entities, may be bathed in that love as you pray to be a channel for love this day.

We leave you in the utter peace of the love of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*January 14*

*Sleep’s Communion With Spirit*

I am of the principle of divine love. I greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is the love of Jesus the Christ.

Once more the day’s star shines and the activities of a busy round begin. And each soul, vertical, dressed, equipped for the day, moves into the rhythms of that vertical activity which is called living the life.

May we suggest that it is most helpful to realize that that which has been yours during your sleep, during your period of horizontal relaxation, is most valuable. For upon your bed you do not strive. You do not struggle. You do not mourn or praise. But as one who dives into deep water, you are covered with the blessings which sleep brings. For sleep opens the door to the spirit’s communion with that spirit which we are.

Allow the vertical part of your life to carry the horizontal member which lies within the heart and mind. Allow the consciousness of peace and comfort to interpenetrate each activity. For those peaceful lessons learned upon the nightly bed may so inform the day that your life finds more and more value in its happenings.

You see, your life is only yours insofar as you perceive it, and it is your powers of perception that are clarified and strengthened by obtaining the peaceful spaciousness of water whilst bounding actively upon the currents of the air.

Might this combination of action and rest offer you enhanced realization of peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 15*

*The Perception Of Manyness*

I am the spirit of Jesus Christ, the principle of the full consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

In your minds you know that all things come from one source and go to one source. And yet in your hearts you who peer into the gloom of the shadows of the world’s day perceive often that many things come not from one source but from many, and likewise that the fruits of action are scattered to the twelve directions, not moving once again into unity but shattering again and again into the chaos of unintended effect.

Yet we say to you that one of the great and overriding benefits of consciousness with which the consciousness of love has been intermingled is a realization of the incorrectness of the perception of manyness, either of the source or of the final disposition of the energies which move within your notice and awareness.

Seek first to know the consciousness of love when you wish, secondly, to know the nature of those things which occur to you which are played out in front of you and which depart from you. Only in that transformed consciousness shall your eyes see truly and your heart resound with the unity of love.

Peace be with you, now and always. Amen.

*January 16*

*The Holy Ground Of Consciousness*

I am the principle of Jesus the Christ which speaks to the world today. I am all those things that you think that I am, but most of all I am your own inner voice; your own inner comfort; your own inner peace.

Let us contemplate the holy ground of your consciousness.

Because of the troubles of daily life, the surface consciousness is littered with debris. The undercurrent of mind is littered with unspoken thoughts, unnamed fears, and unrecognized emotion.

Insofar as you may be able this day, return again and again, momentarily, to the holy ground upon which your consciousness, the very essence of your being, stands. It is no passing thing. It is, indeed, the representation of all that there is in creation.

Within you, abidingly and faithfully, that principle of love which is the Creator is your essence and constitutes the bedrock upon which you, as a timeless being, shall stand for eternity.

Return again and again to the peace, the strength, the power, the wisdom, and the love of love Itself. And from that spot within you comes a balance that shines in your vision and heals in the world outside of your eyes and inside your heart.

We leave you, healed, in the peace and love that abides within, now and ever. Amen.

*January 17*

*The Eyes, Ears And Heart*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

You have heard many times of eyes which cannot see and of ears which do not hear. The principle of the love of Jesus the Christ moves in spirit where it is called to open the eyes, open the ears, and unstop the heart. For the world seen without the spirit of love is a world of illusion and shadow.

With all of your heart, pray that the spirit may come upon you this day, that you may gaze at the beggar and see Christ; that you may gaze at the woman in rags and see a woman in fair, clean cloth; that you may gaze at the starving child and see the most gentle and worthy of beings; that you may gaze upon your landscapes which have been so torn by war and see the peace that will swallow such degradation with love; and that you may have the eyes of Christ and the ears of Christ.

Pray and open your heart to the spirit of love. We are the way out of illusion.

We leave you in that peace that the world of illusion can never know, now and forever. Amen.

*January 18*

*You Have Good Gifts*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this instrument. I greet you in the love of Jesus Christ.

The nature of the Comforter is both particular and personal. Yet it does not expend itself in the movement from the winds of opportunity to the heart of one who prays that the Holy Spirit may therein enter.

The same principle which enlivens your heart and engages your attention in a spiritually rewarding manner may also then be used by you to show forth the glory of God to others. There is no deadness in the spirit, for all are alive in Jesus Christ.

Therefore, know that you have good gifts and are not going to find it necessary to act for your Lord without the help of the Holy Spirit. It was truly said that until the ending of the age Jesus would never leave His flock, for we are the principle of Jesus Christ and of the nature of Christ’s consciousness. Thusly you and we work together to shine the light of peace and understanding upon a world which does not yet understand that all that exists is, alike, holy.

We wish you peace, now and always. Amen.

*January 19*

*Your Relationship With Your God*

I am of the spirit of the love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in that full consciousness which is love in living form.

Since before the beginnings of time you have been with your Creator. And until the very last tick of creation’s clock, you shall still be one with the Creator. This is the bedrock of your relationship with your God.

We are aware that your daily life does not often show evidence of this primal relationship. Yet if you may open your heart to the spirit of love, that spirit, asked within, may use that invitation to awaken, engage and fire the active relationship of humankind to deity.

May you, in humility, seek not things but principles, the principles of truth, love and peace. To ask the spirit of Jesus the Christ to move within your heart this day is to ask that you be used to set on fire the world around you with the power of love. Though this power is quiet and may be expressed by soft words and gentle smiles, the impact of the spirit of love is transformative.

And so you may be a source of love. In spite of all human frailty, you have only to ask. You have only to trust. You have only to be at peace with who you really are and why you really are here. May you as children of the One Father be about the family business of sharing love with all that there is.

Peace to you, now and ever. Amen.

*January 20*

*What Is Holy?*

I am the Holy Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ, and I greet you in the consciousness of love.

The word “holy” is avoided by many who have felt that there is, indeed, a spirit which enhances the experience of humankind. We, ourselves, are careful in our use of this adjective. For it is not a part of the inspiration which love offers that it be understood as holy.

For in and of itself, love is not holy. For when all things are holy, then are none holy. Yet the holiness of the spirit of love resides in its sanctification of the ordinary in human experience. There is nothing that is not full of holiness. An instinct to love is the love of God. The principle of love imbues every particle of what you call matter and thought in creation.

Yet there must be the will to call that sanctification forth from within the skeletal walls of earth and rust that are so often perceived as the beginning and end of corporeal things. Call forth the sanctification of life by your will and allow your world to become holy. For as you see a holy world, so you shall share that vision and that truth with all whom you meet, inspiring each to the calling forth of that same sanctification. From such beginnings are worlds recreated and transformed.

We leave you in the abiding peace of the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*January 21*

*For Those Who Trust*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ, the gift and manifestation of the Son of Man, the servant of all. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

If you ask the outer world what conditions are pleasant for growth you may, perhaps, not find the conditions which appear before you this day. Much may seem out of place, disquieting and disturbing. The peace of the spirit of love is that peace which trusts that the consciousness of love abides in each and every situation and that, in the outworking of time, the justice of the sweep of the world’s actions may eventually be seen. From day to day, however, without the benefit of hindsight, the spirit of God lies in wait for those who trust.

May you trust the superior and final nature of love, both this day and forever. Amen.

*January 22*

*Useful Challenges*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love divine.

Sometimes we have not the will to go on. Sometimes the consciousness within the body gazes upon the morning with rejection of all that it portends.

These times of discouragement are important. These times of difficulty are to be observed with great compassion and self- forgiveness, for it is within the framework of trouble and sorrow that much of your spiritual work is done.

Therefore, do not chide yourself for your discouragement but rather, praise and thank the blessed Father that in the mysterious way of grace, such dark days may be seen to cause the greatest inner illumination.

Thus, to the discouraged we would say, “Take heart and know that trouble and difficulty are but useful challenges to a servant of the consciousness of love.”

In that love and that peace may you go forward this day and forevermore. Amen.

*January 23*

*Glad Tidings*

Greetings in the consciousness of love. I am the Holy Spirit of Jesus the Christ, the bringer of glad tidings to all who have ears to hear.

My children, rejoice! For the glad tidings which we of the principle of love bear is that there is love in all things. It is a matter of recognition, not creation; reflection, not origination. For love was brought into the world as the world, the world itself being part of the consciousness of love.

There is no thing outside of the consciousness of love, only time’s confused and crazed reflections through the cracked glass of imperfect reflection. Whatever lies in front of you this day is filled with joy and replete with peace. And were you to be able to go forward in time you would see, with no need for faith, that all things have indeed occurred so that your joy may be whole.

Thus if you sorrow this day, by faith you may rejoice in your sorrow. There is no greater peace than the recognition of the consciousness of love in every perfected part of the present day.

Love wishes love peace, now and evermore. Amen.

*January 24*

*Invisible Goals*

I am the saving spirit of the consciousness of love which is in Jesus the Christ. I greet you with the full power of that consciousness.

Each has sought in the recesses of his heart for that consciousness and met with such a mixture of success and failure that it seems that God is sometimes generous and sometimes withholding.

Yet were the great pattern of being to be laid before the measurement of your mind’s eye, it could be seen that the consciousness of love is infinitely even and disputeth not at what must be done to insure true impartiality of experience to all created beings.

For it is the intent of love that the creations of love are to be creators. And how could that be were there no choices to make, no difficulties to overcome, no mountains to be traversed, and no invisible goals to be set in faith and realized with persistence?

The full consciousness of love embraces each in whatever circumstances. Yet comfort is abundant if each can but ask in faith, knowing that the consciousness of love is indeed within each one. Seek ye, therefore, the peace of utter freedom, freedom to find love in any circumstance whatever and rejoice in the glory of Christ.

I move among you making available to you the peace of love, now and forever. Amen.

*January 25*

*Dance Upon The Road*

I am of the consciousness which is the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in divine love.

The far country beckons! The mystery retreats! The road calls the weary pilgrim forward and a new day dawns! Let this day be the day the pilgrim kicks off the dusty shoes and dances upon the road.

Let the heart be merry and light, for within winter’s dimness of day and length of night much is occurring within the body of your planet which shall be cause for great rejoicing.

Similarly, each careworn seeker is gestating within the Christed self that is born within those seeds which shall, in good time, bear fruit.

It is not necessary to await the length of days, the summer’s sun, and the visible harvest, to rejoice in the fecundity of the earth and the perfection of the process of growth. Similarly, rejoice in the process of growth within yourself and be merry this day.

We leave you in the joy and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*January 26*

*Discrimination*

I am the consciousness of love, the full principle of the creative love of Jesus Christ, the exemplar to a torn world of the whole and shining garment of light that is the creation.

Many false prophets have spoken and been heard throughout the ages of humankind and many now are among you. We who wish to create opportunities for enhanced growth of spirit within the hearts of all people wish nothing more than to join hands and hearts in the service of the Lord Jesus Christ for the transformation of your rounded world into a sphere which manifests the light which lies within it.

Yet would we rather urge discrimination of the most fastidious kind than acts of faith without judgment. For though we do not ask that you judge your actions or those of others in such a way that you cripple yourself with guilt or anger, nevertheless we do request that the full use of your powers of discrimination be used in listening to any words, however wonderful the source may seem. For if we have miracles between our lines, that shall become apparent to you who ponder these poor thoughts which we offer in the service of love.

May you go your way in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 27*

*Beyond Reason And Comfort*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of love, the creative principle of the universe and all that is manifested within it.

To deal with words is to become involved in overstatement and understatement, both of which are unavoidable. And to seem to be rational is a situation we must endure. For the spirit of mighty love is anything but rational. And its strength lies not in man’s ability to reason it out but in the ability of spirit to gaze beyond the reason of man.

Thus it will sometimes seem to you that the spirit is a harsh and unforgiving voice and is perhaps more interested in enriching negative experience than in offering ease and comfort. Yet to be a Comforter is to seek hard times and hard decisions and then to invest such with the consciousness of love. For it is not in comfortable times that a Comforter is needed but during the transformation of difficulty.

We ask you, then, to ask of the spirit not “Why?” but “What?” and “How?” For though we shall not be the voice of reason to you, yet shall the comfort which we do offer be more precious to the seeker than rubies and gold.

In peace we leave you, now and always. Amen.

*January 28*

*The Winter Of Your Soul*

I am the spirit of God in Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

How easy it is in the winter time to abandon the natural world as a source of inspiration, understanding and joy. For your feet touch not the holy ground but, rather, the man- made floors of inner rooms. Your faces feel not the keen sting of cold winds except as you hurry from enclosure to enclosure. And you can hear not, through the thick windows that guard your heat, the many sounds of living creatures rejoicing in their lives.

So it is in the winter time that man does not emulate the tree which puts its roots down into the cold and frozen ground, trusting in the deeper waters of food, nourishment and nurture. For it does not seem that the Creator could possibly intend this season to be blessed.

Yet you, yourselves, are like a tree, and we urge you this day to plant your winter feet upon the frozen ground, trusting as you do so that the living energy of holy ground may, through contact, become yours, that you may have the sense of the dark and secret roots of winter trees gathering, in quietness, all those nutrients in preparation for the time when the soil shall be soft and the wind and sun gentle.

In winter you are a winter flower. Do not cut yourself off from the creation but rejoice with all that you are in the blessedness and sanctity of every portion of your environment, for you shall find strength from the knowledge that you cannot walk except in goodness and light.

May you have faith in the winter of your soul that all is well, that roots are moving down, collecting nourishment and preparing in timeless, steady fashion for the blooming of joy and beauty that shall come through you in the next springtime of your life cycle.

We wish you merriment and the thawing of the frozen heart, both this day and forever. Peace to you. Amen.

*January 29*

*Praise You Like A River*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Open your eyes and praise the good and bounteous Creator.

Open your heart and find the cause for praise in all that you see.

Every dead branch that litters the ground is but a symbol of the health of the tree. Thus those things which seem to be un-praiseworthy are, indeed, cause for thanksgiving.

Just so, your feet are to be praised as they walk upon the road of life. And the road of life is to be praised for holding your being, cradling your consciousness, and opening up eyes that see not only the good in those things beautiful to the eye but the praiseworthy aspects of those things which may seem lesser.

See the pruning of the Father’s universe and praise the good Maker of the peaceful, harmonious and sacrificial plan of change, development, maturity and illumination.

In the end, as you see with eyes of praise, you shall be transparent and praise shall flow from you like a river as it flows into you by your prayer.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 30*

*The Presence Of Heaven*

I am of the principle manifest in the love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Where is the keeper of the keys to your idea of heaven? Indeed, what is your idea of heaven? Within the infinity behind the closed eyes, consider this: how far lies heaven or how near? What holy ground is nearest to your own situation?

The spirit of love is that which is the essence of heaven and that heaven is available within each spirit that abides in faith.

Pause within this moment to feel the great galaxies of inner space that lie within the silence behind closed eyes. Sense the divinity of this space. Sense that floor of heaven out of which each entity and all of its experiences grow.

Yes, my friend, your roots are in heaven. That is your native land and you carry it with you, within yourself. It is not to be put off so that you may suffer now. Allow your suffering to lift long enough to sense the blessed presence of love within. This presence is that which you call heaven, whatever its manifestation.

Do not submit to misery when there is, to the faithful seeker, the certainty of heaven. Allow the heaven within to speak to the misery within. Allow the eyes of that consciousness to find for you the peace within suffering, the options not noticed before that may alleviate this suffering and above all the greater point of view which glories in the challenges of lessons learned and heaven recognized within.

We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*January 31*

*The Arid Seedcases Of Words*

I greet you in the consciousness of the love of Jesus Christ.

I am the spirit of that love among the nations of the world, the force which carries the single concept of love in the clumsy containers of words to all who may have ears to hear.

Yet how can words wake up to the aliveness of the spirit, which cannot be contained within the arid seedcases of words? It is a great temptation to speak only in poetry, only in stories, to attempt to evoke feelings beyond words, emotion beyond concept.

For though we offer knowledge, it is not knowledge of words but knowledge of faith. For the full consciousness of love evokes an assurance and a delight. If you feel not these things, ask again for the spirit’s comfort, that you may know the love of Jesus Christ and reflect it in your life; that you, too, may carry in awkward seedcases the living and fructifying love of Christ to all who have ears to hear.

In peace I leave you, now and always. I am the Holy Spirit of Jesus the Christ.

*February 1*

*Open Your Hearts To Love*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ left to the world upon this Master’s removal from it. I greet you in the comfortable Word of divine love.

We proclaimed ourselves to this instrument this morning as the spirit of the one infinite Creator. And so we were challenged again in the name of Jesus the Christ, for the instrument felt we were too close in feeling to other material this instrument has received which seems not to be of Jesus the Christ.

Yet we must remind the instrument that all those of the world of spirit move from the one Creator and as this instrument challenges in the name of Jesus the Christ, so all who come to this instrument are linked in unity of consciousness.

To some we are angels; to others, alien beings. Yet in our essence is our function; in our love and its communication, our hope of service. You, who seek to serve Jesus the Christ, open your hearts to the perfect love of yourself, for you were created by love. You are love. The rest is surface behavior and confusion.

May you sink into the comfort of your true nature. May you seek the comfort of the spirit of Christ. And may you manifest the love which flows through you to all whom you meet this day.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*February 2*

*Every Flower Rejoices*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Be it known to you that every flower that nods in the sunlight rejoices in love; that every green leaf that shakes upon the bough lifts its voice in songs of praise to love.

Know, too, that every cell of your body and every cell of your mind is full of the love of the Father, full of the Christ, full of rejoicing.

It may seem to you that portions of your body or your mind have been cut off from the love of God in Jesus Christ. Believe and know that this is in no case the final truth and press on in faith, holding the vision of love in every cell, of rejoicing in every iota of the body and the mind. By this may the power of the spirit of love be called to you, be drawn upon you, and begin to heal you.

We leave you in the peace of love, now and ever. Amen.

*February 3*

*Echoes Of Love*

I am of the spirit of Jesus Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of that love for which the remainder of the creation is but a synonym.

We gaze upon the palsied, frail, wandering thoughts of humankind with cheerfulness and love, not with sadness and despair as do you who gaze upon your own thoughts with disappointment. For we know that your thoughts may wander in arid regions. Yet the more unprofitable you find your thinking becoming, the more rich becomes the potential for your turning from the unformed to the formed, from the uncreated to that which is full of grace and purpose.

Your infinite and loving heart is not a machine, that you may produce an output according to your quota. But, rather, it is a sounding board by means of which the spirit of love may echo to the infinite reaches of the created universe.

Turn, therefore, from despair and free the echo chamber of your heart from all tense worries that, surprised by inspiration, it may reverberate in love and peace.

I am of the spirit of Christ, and I leave you in peace, now and ever.

*February 4*

*The Tides Of The Spirit*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

How deeply below the ground of sensation, feeling and thought run the tides of the spirit within each individual! If you wonder at the seemingly random turns and twists of daily life, the answers that deny randomness and proclaim the harmony of the great Deity’s plan lie far too deep for discovery.

Like a great underground sea, the spirit makes all things new and guides circumstance in order that the fullness of experience may provide the opportunity for divine change. Thus when you ask for the Comforter of the spirit of Jesus the Christ to come upon you, know that the more intense your asking, the greater your opportunity for renewal and change. For you may be created anew at any time that you truly wish it.

With love of such power, peace may not seem possible, yet this power is harmonious, and, whatever the appearances, its outworking lies in perfect peace.

And in this peace that is strife to the world, we leave you, now and ever.

*February 5*

*Vehicles Of The Spirit*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I speak to you through this instrument in peace.

May you experience love washing over you in waterfalls and great channels of swift-moving power.

Yet if you do not experience the spirit in this wise, know that it is also through quiet and subtle movements and effects that the spirit makes itself known to the churches and to humankind. For it is not only those who gesture and speak with authority, claiming a closeness with the spirit by virtue of station or special knowledge that others do not have, that spread transformation upon the Earth but also every movement of light, every creation of form and every happenstance and event which carries the message of the spirit of Christ.

Look for the spirit of love in unlikely and hidden places as well as the great shelves and benches of sunlit and authoritative existence and information, for we of the principle of love scorn nothing. All is a vehicle fit for the spirit, and all is fit to be transformed through Jesus the Christ.

May the peace of transformation be with you now and always.

*February 6*

*Today*

I am the Comforter and I speak to you in the wholeness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

Today is a word which means “the present.” Yet how little time each may spend in peaceable, comfortable thought concerning today! Many hark back to yesterdays which seem unsatisfactory and experience emotions negative and sorrowful. Many more gaze into tomorrow with fear and apprehension.

Yet it is today that the Father watches and sets His angels to guide and guard each of you. It is in the present that situations and relationships belong and in the present that help need be asked.

Yes, it is well to pray for forgiveness of yesterday’s sins and for peace of mind concerning an uncertain future. But the spirit of the living Christ urges you to release all and focus upon the moment at hand. For in this moment lies the wholeness of creation, the energy of goodness, the love of Christ, the sacrifice of crucifixion and the sure knowledge of resurrection from any crucified pain or trouble.

Speak in your soul and heart this day of today and, as you ask for comfort, it shall rain upon you in a gentle, peaceful rain. There is help and comfort today.

May your joy be complete in the present moment. And in that moment may you find the peace of the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*February 7*

*Softness Of Heart*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of perfect love.

We would give to you and to all the peoples of Earth the grandeur and the glory of creation, the aspect of heaven which your eyes do not see but which rests imperishably within each perishable mote of shape and substance in the creation.

We would give to you the softness of heart to perceive glory. And yet often you who seek the living spirit of love feel that you must toughen and harden yourselves to be more effective blunt instruments for Christ. Yet Christ is not one desirous of seeing large generalities or of using blunt instruments.

Jesus the Christ wishes to send you into the world as a soft, complex, subtle and quietly shining being, one who celebrates the imperishable in every perishable situation; one who can ignore the perishable even when a less subtle heart would be prone to condemn and turn away.

The strength of Jesus the Christ seems often like softness, yet there is more steel in the velvet manipulations of the spirit than in the hardened thrusts of all the righteous lances in the perishable universe.

May your hearts be softened and may you find peace in the imperishable, now and always. Amen.

*February 8*

*Seek The True Image Of Love*

I am the Holy Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ and I overshadow this instrument with the consciousness of love.

Just in such a way may we greet each and overshadow each with the love that is a kind of truing device, so that each spirit which seeks love may, by asking, receive the comfort of closer and closer knowledge of the true wholeness and unity of creation.

The untrue perceptions which abound within your experience are a matter of gazing upon the streaming array of scenes and experiences about you as if through a vastly distorting carnival mirror. Seek, then, the true image of love in whatever your gaze falls upon by invoking the Comforter, the pure consciousness of love.

We leave you in the symmetry and grace of the love of Jesus Christ and in His peace, now and ever. Amen.

*February 9*

*The Work Of The Spirit*

We greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ and in the full consciousness of that love which creates and sustains all created things.

We are a principle and a thought and yet there are no two situations in which our breath moves in an identical manner to any other situation. For at one time it is the spirit’s work to awaken and at another time to soothe; at one time to brighten and at another time to point in shadow for the more subtle understanding.

Nay, it is not the activity which can be described which characterizes the energy of the consciousness of love but rather the life within that unique wind which blows over the situation which characterizes the nature of the spirit. For the spirit utters life when It speaks. Look, then, to the life-giving spirit. For all things are dead save in Christ.

We leave you in the living and powerful peace which is yours to enjoy, now and always. Amen.

*February 10*

*Smoke And Ashes*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

A spark goes forth from the dying embers of the fire of useless thoughts. It flies to the barren ground of the unhearing ear and dies. And all the energy that has been expended is that which has produced only smoke and ashes. This is the material of which much of your experience consists.

Consider well that for which you shall feel passion; that for which you shall generate love; that which shall create in you the flame, the embers, and the spark.

Consider also the ground upon which you choose to build the fire of your caring, your service, and your love. For truly do you wish to serve. And truly shall each ember shoot forth those sparks which may, in turn, breed fires of love.

Choose you the ready ground. Choose, in your thoughts, thoughts that temper your spirit, strengthen your love, and bring you into the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

May the fire of your spirit burn clear and bright and may each dying thought produce bountiful fruit.

We leave you in peace, both now and evermore. Amen.

*February 11*

*Blaze A Trail Of Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of perfect love.

This day lies before you, a verdant pasture, a flowering field. Though pathways there are through the wildwood and meadow, yet you may choose your own way and be the first to beat a new trail if those that lie before you do not lead whither you would wish.

There is always more possibility in a situation viewed from the standpoint of love than in a situation viewed from the condition of humankind. Look up at the golden sun that lights the morning pasture of your day and realize that its perfection lies with you and your perfection with it.

The spirit enlivens, enhances and offers each choice that shall be deemed good and necessary by you. May you walk without fear but with the comfort of our companionship into the creative and exciting land wherein each footstep blazes a trail of love.

The peace of Jesus the Christ I leave with you, now and always. Amen.

*February 12*

*The Softness Of Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of divine love.

My children, why do you grieve the spirit of Jesus the Christ? Why must you turn from charity and harden your hearts?

This day we ask that each communication between two children of the infinite and most glorious Creator be full of the softness of love and compassion.

My children, do not harden your hearts in any wise toward any soul for any reason but turn from the hardening effects of the surface of things and gaze deeply into the heart of each circumstance to find infinite love abiding therein.

This is a truth found only in faith. May you, in faith, call upon the spirit of Christ.

We shall be with you in the peace of Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*February 13*

*Love Overwhelms All Details*

I who greet you in the full consciousness of love am of the principle of Jesus the Christ.

It is the wish of love that each of you should partake abundantly in the waters of blessed life and happiness. Yet perfect happiness is like strong wine, excellent to some and too strong for others. For the happiness of the peaceful and love-filled spirit is one rounded with sorrows and other shadows, yet shot through with the gleam of recognized love.

Thusly, even if one gazes at a battlefield or at any seeming disaster, one still has the opportunity to call upon the spirit of love. For in Christ’s name even a blood-strewn battlefield may contain the shape of peace and love. The nature of spiritual consciousness is such that love overwhelms all details and by its warming hues makes glad the hearts of those who gaze upon bleak things. Let your happiness, therefore, lie within the spirit of love and the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

We leave you in true peace, that peace which cannot be disturbed by misfortune. Amen.

*February 14*

*The Power Of Love*

I come upon this instrument as the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the divine love of perfect consciousness and peace.

How strong are your hands, how able your minds, and how you glory in your energies and your abilities! Remove your attention from these things for but a moment and find yourself prostrate before the power of love.

This is a day among your people devoted to love. And each chooses to give love to others. In your prostration, realize the true nature of love, which has not to do with ability or strength or any manner of human usefulness. But rest all your confidence in the infinite compassion and love which is the true nature of that love you so desire to give and receive.

Feel that love and compassion pour through you. Abandon yourself to it and become an instrument of it. And as you receive this consolation, so the face of the earth may be renewed.

We leave you in the infinite power, peace and love of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*February 15*

*The Kingdom Of Words*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

There is a difficulty in the way in which we make ourselves known through this instrument. That difficulty extends to any who values too highly the citizens of the kingdom of words, for words do not equal understanding, nor is any number of words enough to grant the seeker entry to the kingdom of heaven.

When the spirit of Christ moves purely, It moves without concept and is, rather, the clean, clear wind of Logos, a Thought which remains unmanifest regardless of how many manifestations may shape themselves through free will from the living light furnished by love.

Depend not upon words and, even more, depend not upon created words from within your own being, for there are many ways in which the seeker after truth may build houses which seem to hold truth, houses of words and concepts which rise high yet fall as would cards when the wind of the spirit blows across the construction of your Earthly life.

Seek first the attitude change which comes from the contact with the spirit of love.

We wish you sublime and lasting peace, now and always. Amen.

*February 16*

*Be Of Good Cheer*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

This day is a gift that is full of life. Your senses would have you believe that there is much that is not alive or responsive to the radiance of love. On the contrary, mindfulness of the radiant love of the Father is as relevant and important to the soul’s health in the picking up of a speck of dust as it is in the preparation of the finest treatise or most charitable action.

All things live in the consciousness of love and all things respond to your radiance, which can only come through you as you are mindful of the infinite Father.

Thus, be of good cheer, not compartmentalizing the day or hurrying through a chore which seems less important than another. For all is equally important to the conscious seeker of love.

In that love and peace we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*February 17*

*Unexpected Messengers Of Love*

I am the spirit of love and I greet you in the consciousness of Christ.

It is given to us to come down like rain upon the thirsty souls of those who seek to winnow light from darkness and spread the darkness in the nether regions, exalting light to shine forth across the great sky of planetary consciousness.

The powerful light-focusing abilities of the spirit are not predictable, for the spirit of love has within It whisperings of love’s wisdom which often turn the impulses of those overshadowed by love in ways which may seem devious. Yet it is love’s way to employ the seemingly crooked path from time to time in order that love may break through in an entirely new place and in a completely new way. The serpent in Eden was a messenger of love.

We leave you in peace, both now and ever. Amen.

*February 18*

*The Hardy And Careless Lover*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

What protection have you from the events and circumstances of this day? Do you indeed need protection? Must umbrellas keep you from the rain of internal weather? Must you indeed armor yourself so that you never shiver, so that you are never cold or miserable? Are these estates indeed to be so avoided?

Perhaps it is better to see oneself as a hardy and careless lover of all conditions of life and take no thought for the umbrella, the warm coat, and all the armor of emotion.

It is often said, “Fear not, for I am with you.” We are of the principle of Jesus the Christ. And when this entity said, “Fear not,” He did not suggest that you would not be rained upon or shiver from the cold but only that you would not be alone or overwhelmed by experience.

Stride forth, then, into the world, recognizing its difficulties and affirming them in peace.

We leave you in that peace which does indeed pass all understanding, now and forever. Amen.

*February 19*

*Stop, Rest And Listen*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Stop, rest and listen. Let these be the watchwords of your busy day.

Into this day there shall come those sounds which distract the senses, for the world of the city makes powerful noise with its engines and business.

And those who dwell in pastures, plains and mountain farmlands may hear too the distracting noises of nature, that noisy, joyful mistress of the Creator’s manifestation of love and service upon your planet.

Let not these sounds disturb and distract without using this energy to return and to remember love. May each distraction then become a prayer and each disharmony, harmony, by the realignment of the ear to inner silence.

For the peace of Jesus the Christ is not found without effort; without the turning of the will; without the remembering of the heart. Let these be your works when noise disturbs and clamor seems to overwhelm the senses. For you are strong within and, within, you tabernacle with the silence.

We leave you in joy and peace, now and always. Amen.

*February 20*

*Illumined From Within*

I greet you in the perfect love of Jesus the Christ. I am of the principle of that love and am as the wind which blows the pollen of lively faith and strength to those who seek in quiet surety the boons which the consciousness of love may offer.

The spirit of love has many faces. One beautiful face is the face of serenity and peacefulness, of mist upon mountaintop and cloud upon valley. In the luminescent fog of spiritual seeking, few things are clear but all is shot through and illuminated from within.

May you trust in the internal source of light which is the spirit and move always in confidence, knowing that that face of the Creator, though silent, lies always with you and speaks in silence at dusk and dawn, noon and midnight.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*February 21*

*The Key*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

We who dwell in love ask that this day be a day of forgiveness.

In each situation betwixt two entities there is the constant opportunity for miscommunication, misunderstanding and hard feelings.

In every situation where one must wait in traffic or in your stores, there lie many, many opportunities for the forgiveness of rudeness in others and that same impulse in yourself.

Make this a day when there is nothing so terrible that it cannot be forgiven in your heart. Allow your heart to be made soft. For forgiveness, given again and again and again, is the key to the full realization of the love of Christ.

We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*February 22*

*Love Is Ever Available*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of full love.

This day lies before you as the landscape spreads out before one who gazes from the tower of detachment. Gaze well at this portion of your existence and plumb the depths of its resonance, for the spirit is always and everywhere available to each thirsting spirit.

Once one descends from the point of view of early morning observation into the busy noontime hubbub, one may well have forgotten the beauty and resonance one saw from on high. Let not the descent into the valley of experience rob you of the gift of conscious sight.

The spirit is there to help you. We ask you to seek that comfort and guidance within each situation at all times, for love is ever available to serve the needs of those who wish to be servants of love Itself.

We leave you in that blessed, healing love which is the love of Jesus the Christ. Peace be with you now and ever. Amen.

*February 23*

*Blessedness*

I am the living spirit of divine love and I greet you in the blessed name of Jesus the Christ.

Has the concept of “blessed” touched your life, your thoughts and your feelings in the last little while? Does the sweep of your life include consecration? We surely hope that it may.

And if it does not, we who speak of divine love and bear the consciousness of that love urge each seeker to gaze in faith upon the blessedness of that which lies before you this day. For each moment is sanctified to the sanctified eye, ear and heart.

Surely we who came to comfort shall comfort still and be with each. And if blessedness is escaping your consciousness, turn within and ask in humility to be shown that vision of beatitude which lies within each event which comes before you.

For those who act are all blessedly loved by the divine consciousness which is love. That love strives to move into a world of illusion and shadow. May your consciousness of blessedness lighten the area about you. May your vision, given by grace and produced by your will to worship, bless in turn all those about you.

We leave you in peace, that undergirding strength of love divine, now and forever. Amen.

*February 24*

*The Calm Beneath The Storm*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consolation of the perfect consciousness of divine love.

Oh, perfect consciousness: as simple as the blue sky and as steady as the steadiest rudder upon a calm sea! This consciousness of love permeates all. Yet how quickly it is lost to the human heart, to the eye, and to the ear that cannot see the calm beneath the storm of mundane, personal events.

This is your sky. This is your rudder. In your faith, say to the events of the day, “Peace, be still.” And in the fleeting moments that follow, feel the constancy of the love that remains always as it always has been and as it always shall be: creative, joyful and merry, leaving blossoms and wonders as a flower leaves behind a scent.

The day may be full. Your difficulties may well be many. But recall in faith the underlying peace that is not of your mundane experience but of the consciousness within. In faith you experience eternity within.

We leave you in this peace, this healing, and this love, now and forever. Amen.

*February 25*

*Free At Last*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I come in the power and wholeness of the consciousness of divine love.

This creative force hatched the universe and formed all things in beauteous array. This love created you and sustained and protected you until this moment. This creative love is part and parcel of your own selfhood.

Why, then, are you so full of doubt? Do you not know the power of divine and creative love? Do you not recognize the spirit of that love as a powerful good within your own life?

Take up what you consider to be your burdens and let your shoulders bend under the weight. And then take up the light and the life of love and add it to your burden. And feel the weight diminish and cease to be. Feel your back straighten, your broad shoulders free at last. For service in the strength of creative love is no burden, but a pleasure.

May your work be a joy to you. May your self-perceived burdens fall away under the light of divine love, in the spirit of helpfulness and comfort. For do you not seek to be a servant of love? And in that service do you not perceive your true nature?

Go into freedom.

We leave you in love and peace abiding, now and ever. Amen.

*February 26*

*Healing The Body*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Those who seek healing without an understanding of the sacred and divine nature of all matter seek healing in a much reduced atmosphere, an atmosphere in which the opportunity for using the forces of love to engage in healing work have been minimized.

It is easy for a studious pilgrim to consider the body a sinful beast of burden which has all the wrong instincts. And, yet it is the mind of each entity which legislates the actions of the matter of the body, not the instincts. Indeed, the instincts of man on Earth have been much subdued. Yet the sinful inclinations of the heart are only removed from conversation.

The nature of the body is, as all things made by the author of love, a manifestation of love. And love may speak to love. Thus in Christ the life of the body lies in the consciousness of love. And to imagine and pray for that light and life to be sent to every cell is, indeed, an efficacious prayer.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*February 27*

*Springtime Within*

I am of that principle which is called the spirit of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Your season of winter yields, more and more, to the gracious influence of your coming springtime. Each seed within the ground has rested in divine confidence within the deep darkness, under the soil which is its food, drinking in that moisture which it now needs to grow.

And so the human heart, whatever the outer season, may feel that each new seedling of the progress of hope and faith gasps for water and finds no true food. And then where is the springtime of the heart?

Jesus the Christ spoke of food and drink unknown to man in his earthly garb of flesh. And thus we ask each heart that seeks to bloom in ever-new springtime to seek always that precious food and drink which nourishes the spiritual seedlings of growth within each, to be undismayed and, rather, to turn to that insubstantial and invisible source of spiritual food which is the work of will and faith.

All who turn shall be fed. May you seek springtime within, for the spirit must bate its comfort until the heart within turns and asks. May you hunger no more. May your hearts be full of the peace of communion, now and ever. We leave you in this peace. Amen.

*February 28*

*Seeing Shadows*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus Christ.

A shadow of sadness lies at the edge of the illusory consciousness of many pilgrims who have not the grace either to forgive or to forget the trials of the past. This shadow is a habit of mind inimicable to the consciousness of love, for in love there is the freedom of the peaceful consistency of wholeness with no shadow or variation of any kind.

Yet blame not your eyes, your mind, or your heart for perceiving shadows in past, present and future. But when perceiving those shadows, know that by definition they are an illusion to be governed and balanced by the consciousness of love.

We leave you in the peace of wholeness, now and always. Amen.

*February 29*

*Strength And Solitude*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of the love of Jesus Christ, His means of comfort for a dark world and His means of illumination for weary souls.

I come also for the comfort of the strong, for those strong of will find themselves as on a lonely hill, high above the squabbling of other folk and left in solitude with their desires and intentions.

There is no strength which does not thrive and blossom under the comfort of Christ’s love. Yet to strength shall solitude surely be given, unless, in the humility of deep consciousness, each strong man bows before the mystery of the source of all strength and asks for the infinite comfort of the spirit of love. If you would be strong and yet would not be alone, do not pride yourself on your strength but on your devotion to Jesus Christ.

We leave you in the sublime peace of commitment, now and forever. Amen.

*March 1*

*The Year Of Jubilee*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

We greet you in your divinity, knowing that you cannot see it and find it hard to believe that it exists. We greet you as children of the Father, heirs to all that love may bring, sons and daughters of eternity.

We greet you who are trying to unstop your ears and peel the veil of illusion from your eyes and urge you instead to enter into your own heart and, there, clean the house of the Lord and make ready your own self, trusting in the sweetness and perfection of the creation of the Father, which is your self, that you may be worthy to receive the gifts of the spirit.

It is for each to decide when the year of Jubilee shall come; when the acceptable time of rejoicing shall be declared. The potential lies in each and every day. May you turn within in peace and, cleansing yourself diligently and persistently, prepare yourself ceaselessly to be channels of love. For such voices, hearts and hands as yourself are the presence of love in your world.

We leave you in the peace which does not deny responsibility and in the comfort of love which does not deny responsibility, in the hard and creative love and joy of divine consciousness, now and ever. Amen.

*March 2*

*Lift To The Light*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in divine love.

Has your consciousness failed you this day? Have you awakened feeling as though your candle were nearly burnt out and only a breath of fuel kept you aflame? Have you felt the hard press of cold winds, either literally or in the sense of harsh language and cruel deeds done about you and to you?

In these sometimes sober days, when winter is slowly releasing its grip upon the icy earth and spring is a force still far too attenuated to observe, the life may seem suspended; the heart weary; the spirit sore.

Lift your aching heart to the light now and feel the courage, the humor, the strength, and the joy of surrender to love. You do not have to accept the reality which your body and your senses provide you, for your reality is locked in the full consciousness of love that is the heart of yourself and your gateway to that greater self which is the infinite and divine One in whose name Jesus the Christ comes to give good news to a weary world.

Lift up your hearts and be joyful. We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*March 3*

*Toward Wholeness Of Perception*

I am the spirit of the living Christ, the full consciousness of love. I greet you in love. I greet you, as I greeted you yesterday and as I shall greet each seeker always, in wholeness and in the entirety of peace.

For though the effect of the sweet peace of the Holy Spirit is often galvanizing, the catalyst itself is that end to which all seekers pray. For that which transforms is that which holds a higher truth and a higher reality; that which is, in an entire sense, more nearly whole.

Therefore, as the mind of the seeker becomes more and more able to hear the voice of the spirit, the fundamental perception of the seeker shall progressively become more nearly whole.

We leave you in the fullness of peace and love, now and forever. Amen.

*March 4*

*Comfort For Your Sorrow*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the fullness of the consciousness of love.

As you come to contemplation this morning, you come with sorrow in your heart.

See that sorrow. Acknowledge and bless it. Visualize it intensely. Every sorrow. Every sadness.

And as you gaze upon it, see the Comforter arrive. For by this loving attention to yourself you bid the Comforter to you, to minister and give care to your sorrow.

No seeking soul needs a justification for desiring comfort. The spirit of love comforts all who turn from sorrow to the beholding of sorrow, for as you are aware that you are sorrowful and as you then call us, so may love enter sorrow and make of it a beautiful thing, a little place in mind where tenderly you may wrap and tenderly put away the occasion for sorrow and distress, knowing that in the larger view you shall be comforted.

We leave you in peace and joy, both now and evermore. Amen.

*March 5*

*We Wait To Serve*

I am the spirit of the living Christ. I greet you in the fullness of the consciousness of divine love.

I greet you in life complete, in experience understood, in sorrow accepted and transformed, in joy, praise and thanksgiving eternal.

I greet you in a consciousness that enriches, enlivens and transforms experience.

We are principles of that consciousness; advocates and encouragers of those who seek to know Christ.

We are the gift of God poured out upon a thirsty people as the inward dew of quietness and strength, the inward food gained in contemplation and prayer.

We wait to comfort. We wait to transform. We wait for the call of those who seek Christ in this and every day.

And we wait and serve as we hope that you may wait and serve—in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*March 6*

*Rest In Change*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Change is a constant in nature and a necessity in God’s plan for the development of His people. As the seasons change, the eyes of your hearts do not perhaps notice nature’s economy in dealing with constant change. Perhaps it has not been seen that change can be graceful and beautiful.

The creation of the Father rests in change and is always at peace. Therefore there is not more displacement than is necessary, not more travail than required. And though the earth may heave with frost or fall into dust with drought, yet still it does not thrash about in fear.

Know that the seasons of the soul are sometimes short and sometimes very long. There is a constant movement or process of change, sometimes slow and sometimes quick. Instead of agitation and worry it is possible to meet these changes fearlessly, gracefully and peacefully, resting in change, trusting in the goodness of the Father’s plan.

May each so rest, now and ever. Amen.

*March 7*

*The Prayer Of The Holy Spirit*

I am of the body and blood of Christ, the principle of His love, and I greet you in the full consciousness of that divine presence and love.

As you sit in seeking this morning, know that we, too, have our prayers. The spirit prays that humankind may use the great resources of our wealth and sharing. We move only where the attraction of hope, faith and seeking call us and, in those lives who accept us, we may share our vision, sound our compassion, and express the nature of the mind of Christ.

We know this source of information is valued among your people. Yet so often we are not called and the love of Jesus Christ must be done without, the knowledge of compassion, redemption and salvation overlooked in the hurly burly of petitionary prayer.

My children, when you pray, always include the request that the spirit may come upon you, that your outlook may be broadened and deepened, and that your expression of love and compassion may be made more complete. We are always ready, always available, and nearer to you than your own breathing.

Call for the spirit of love. Seek and then listen. And into your heart may come that grace and peace which we hope for you and in which we leave you, now and always. Amen.

*March 8*

*Communication To Your Soul*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

How words distort, disguise and conceal the true meaning of the thoughts they mean to express! The spirit works not through symbology or any outward form but, as it were, from the conceptual foundations resulting not in lofty argument and clever persuasion but a sudden sense of justice, balance or compassion; a heightened reality of consciousness.

Thus think yourself most fortunate if those things of the intellect which yield the gifts of spirit come to you. But consider yourselves equally fortunate if they do not, as long as in your inward path, as you toil onward, you call always to that companion which is your soul’s health, that greater reality may be given, concept by concept.

We are with you always. We wish you peace, now and forever. Amen.

*March 9*

*Rejoice And Be Glad*

I am the living spirit of the consciousness of love. I greet you in the light and love of Jesus the Christ.

Rejoice today, my people! Rejoice and be glad! Open the eyes of the heart to gaze about creation and see the streams of glory which shower the Earth with the bounty of sun and rain.

Rejoice as do the happy trees, the laughing mountains, and the rolling seas, chuckling in unified pleasure at the warm, quick wind of the Creator’s love.

Rejoice in all of creation to the bounds of your telescopes and your imagination, your microscopes and your greatest and most awful discoveries.

Feel an intimate joy in each intricate beauty that the Creator has offered, for this creation is yours as you are Christ’s. Know and see that all things are instinct with love, alive with the spirit. And in every transformation see the powerful hand of the Holy One.

May you set apart your lives in peace to the glory of God, now and always. Amen.

*March 10*

*Sunrise Comes To All*

I am of Jesus the Christ, the spirit of the full consciousness of love. I greet you in that love.

Upon the highest mountain and the lowest valley alike lie tiny forms of life awaiting warmth from the rising sun. For though one blade of grass may be low and the other high, yet both await the same thing.

It matters not the seeker’s relative position within this world of mundane qualities and conditions, for all souls need and shall receive the warmth of the great inner sun of every soul’s day, the warmth and the light of love.

Know that sunrise comes to all who dwell in inner peace, awaiting confidently the dawning of peace and understanding in every troubled night of the soul.

*March 11*

*Calming The Storms Of Change*

I am the spirit of the living Jesus, incorporate in the mystery of love and the principle of the consciousness of love. I greet you in the essence of divine love.

It is not known how many shall be blown by the winds of change this day. What is well known to those who seek the spirit of truth and love is that the winds of change are favorable, however stiff the gale may seem to be.

For those who have the consciousness of love and the deep inner knowledge of peace, those storms of the life experience are calmed without great conscious effort by the remembrance of that inner peace and the turning to faith in the ultimate harmony and propriety of the Creator’s plan.

Yes, each of you has an agenda. That agenda may be stable for a large portion of your life experience. Or you and the Creator together may have molded a life experience of much service and also much change. Let there be in your mind less and less difference between the status quo and that which is untried and perhaps seen to be lesser, for the soul which flows with the changes of circumstance, discovering in each circumstance the peace and love therein, is free in the service of the Father through the grace of Jesus Christ.

May you be filled with peace, both now and evermore. Amen.

*March 12*

*All That Is Needed Is Given*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Passionately does this instrument pray at this time to be of service to others. For all who would wish to be of service, we would recommend that passion be turned into surety; that hope be filled with faith.

For whence indeed cometh help? Is it not written in the Psalter that help cometh from the Lord who made heaven and earth? Cannot this great principle of creation, which created all that there is, create those channels of help which are needed at the time that they are needed and not before?

You who have walked the pilgrim’s path have surely noted that all that is needed is given in its time and all that is not given is that which is not needed for the learning and flowering of that individual soul.

Rest back into the strength and the passion that created all and trust yourselves, you who seek to serve, as adequate channels needing only to be open when help is requested. So you shall serve and infinity flow through you. Worry not that your supply may fail.

We leave you in peace, love and trust, now and ever. Amen.

*March 13*

*The Invocation Of Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Each day you go forth to run the straight race, to move in rhythmic grace through the workaday world. Each day you begin with highest hopes and many days spin themselves out like rainbows, a blessing to yourself and others, seemingly effortless, peaceful and beautiful.

Yet, we would ask you this day to remember that phrase, “Lift up thine eyes unto the hills. Whence cometh thy help? Thy help is in the name of the Lord.”

Perhaps this particular day there may be part of that grace of everyday life that seems heavy and less than pleasant. Lift up your eyes. Remember whence help truly comes. It is in the lifting of the viewpoint, in the invocation of love, unity, consolation and peace.

Let this be a comfort unto you when it is needed, for that consolation lies all about each seeker, to be touched into lightly in the happy times and to be sought without worry and with sureness of everlasting safety in difficult moments.

We leave you in peace and love, now and ever. Amen.

*March 14*

*The Power Of Choice*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Gaze at time. Gaze at the time that you have to spend within your next day. Gaze at the “talents,” the riches, of hours and minutes that you hold now at the beginning of the day in your cupped palm. Gaze at hours to fill and spend in any way which delights your soul, your mind, and your heart and know the power of choice.

Gaze now at those things not held in the hand, those things held by others’ hands and hearts, those things quite out of one’s control. In spending the minted money of God’s time it is known by the buyer what is intended to be bought in terms of energy expended upon relationships and towards cooperation in work and planning, but it is not known how it shall be received.

Know that your spending plan of time shall not be judged in respect of those things which could not be controlled by the self. Rather, the spending of your precious time shall be adjudged according to the intentions for service.

Know, then, that the riches and consolation of time in the Holy Spirit of the living Christ may, together, move forward with each precious minute and hour so that one spends it in such a way as to magnify time and the wisdom and consolation of grace. May you see the plenitude of your power in Christ! And may you spend wisely, this day and every day.

We leave you in the grace which alone may contemplate true peace and selfless service, now and ever. Amen.

*March 15*

*Realization And Confusion*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ, and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Woe to the pilgrim who sits down upon the way, having decided that the wisdom which has come to him shall be the basis from which he shall view the world. For realization cannot be attained. It can only be accepted.

Realization cannot be retained, but only experienced anew in each infinitely small moment.

Thus, it is the pilgrim who walks on with appreciation both for realizations and confusions; who walks the straight and narrow path placing one foot before another, not because of the surety of the point of view but because of the faith of one who laughs at unseen steps, knowing that the path is protected, as is all creation, by the very nature of the creation of love, which is the ultimate reality.

We leave you in the peace of alpha and omega, the joy of love, now and ever. Amen.

*March 16*

*The First Item On The Agenda*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Stand upon the rocky crag and gaze out over the broad land of this precious day. You have the long view now. Perhaps you have an agenda, a list, a plan for the day. But have you placed first the divine order of love in action?

Love in action creates a system of natural laws. Any person with an agenda which does not recognize first the source of inspiration which makes all things beautiful is going to experience a day less blessed, less full of love, and less inspired.

As you set your agenda, let your first item be to seek first the natural order of the divine Father, for this allows the inspiration, the breath of the soul, to make vital that inner self which knows so much more than the agenda-maker who sat upon the bare rock of a morning and only gazed at his agenda and not at the divine beauty of the larger view and the natural order.

Let peace flow through your veins as heavenly blood. Let inspiration be your heavenly bread. And let your day be blessed with inspiration and peace, as you know that you are doing the Father’s will for you today.

We leave you in that love and peace, now and forever. Amen.

*March 17*

*The Winds Of Circumstance*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Just as your angry oceans in the teeth of the gale, so are your hearts within you as you attempt to deal with the things which are of your mundane world. The angry ocean rages within each cell of any body which attempts to move against the direction of the prevailing winds.

And one who chides and discriminates against its own body or circumstances does so needlessly. For the wind of circumstance is not apart from the pilgrim but much influenced by the subconscious thoughts of that pilgrim.

And the ocean of illusion is molded more than can be seen on the surface by the thoughts which are created by worry and fear.

Seek, then, the positive, forward-moving winds of the spirit which lie within and beyond all mundane bodies and circumstances, so that the winds are no longer angry and, more and more, those things mundane may breathe the fresh breeze of spirit which comes to all who may be blessed by such grateful wind.

We leave you in the full blessing of the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*March 18*

*Dwell Upon Your Christhood*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the name of Jesus, that which is so evocative of the full consciousness of love.

Dwell upon your Christhood this day. For the Son of Man invited all to partake in the suffering, renewal, resurrection and transformation that lies beyond the point of deepest suffering, of completest loss.

Gaze within in awe and wonder at the Star of Hope lying above your own stable, that heart’s manger wherein lies the tiny, infant Christ within, that Christ which is powerful enough even in infanthood to raise all within to glory.

Rest back, out of the surface illusion of your daily life. Dive beneath those murky waters and find and acknowledge today your nature and your destiny. Then know that Christ has given into your hands the companion of that infant Christ within, and seek the grace and the peace of the living spirit of Christ in each and every day.

We leave you in the peace of Christ, both now and forever. Amen.

*March 19*

*Instead Of Judgment*

I am of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The tongue of the pilgrim is often swift to judge the thoughts and actions of the self and others. This is understandable because the pilgrim is greatly concerned with distinguishing true paths from false leads which seem promising at first, yet meander off in unhelpful directions.

However, judgment creates a relationship which is not of the spirit of love between the one who judges and the one who is judged. Love does not cause such a separation and such a relationship.

And thus it is that the pilgrim may find himself much confused in attempting to place the moral impulse into logical settings. The spirit of Christ would offer, instead of judgment, a warm compassion and gentle mercy which acknowledges the infinite mystery of the pilgrim’s heart and the infinite mystery of Christ’s love.

Seek first compassion and mercy, and by the time these attitudes have furnished the pilgrim with information concerning a situation, the pilgrim may well find that even the impulse to judge has been healed and the pilgrim is at peace, resting in mystery and love.

Judgment there shall be, but not as the pilgrim may think. For judgment shall be a peaceful thing and no pilgrim shall feel slighted or bruised by the compassionate and merciful judgment of the Creator, who wishes only to bring all things into unity once again, a unity bonded and bounded in love and peace.

In that happy estate we leave you, now and always.

*March 20*

*Run With Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full and divine consciousness that is love.

How shall the Holy Spirit appear to you this day? What are your needs? For as you express and inwardly feel those spiritual needs, so is the spirit called to appear, to strengthen, to comfort, and to enable.

Is it energy and will that you need? Then experience the force that produces these words as flames of divine and enabling fire, energizing and enlivening.

Must you run the straight race very quickly today? Must you hasten and hurry? Crowd your day, then, but open your heart that love may run with you; that love may hasten and hurry and worry and fret in comfortable companionship with that state of mind you choose for yourself.

Are you in grief, in sorrow, and in despair? Call, then and open within to the divine Comforter, to the nurturer and lover of all souls.

There is no condition in which the spirit of love cannot enter and heal. There is no activity in which the spirit of divine love and compassion cannot enable, enliven and strengthen.

The spirit of love is an active, plastic, malleable, universal expression of the absolute presence of divine love in each soul, everywhere, always, in every moment.

May you find peace that you are not alone, be you hastening, resting or weeping. Always there is the Comforter.

We leave you in this reassurance, this knowledge, of love and peace unending. Amen.

*March 21*

*The Building Block Of Faith*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love divine, unending and eternal.

How brave an instrument who admits it needs the practice! How brave any seeking entity who admits the need for constant improvement, for constant mindfulness, and for constant seeking.

How firm the faith of one who knows that the gift of the spirit of Jesus the Christ is given to those who are humble as dust before it. Such humility will not be scattered to the winds. Such humility cannot be trampled upon. Such humility is the building block of faith. Such determination is the foundation of will.

Let each day be a day in which you are prostrate before the infinite love of Jesus the Christ. For it was in humility to the physical death that Jesus the Christ expressed love, not in bragging or boasting but in opening the self completely to the will of the one God of all.

Open yourself to that will. Be humble as dust before it. Yet know that you carry it within you, if you are mindful of it.

Let your light shine through your humility; through your humanity; through the ashes of the life of the mundane world. Heaven may shine through your eyes! The kingdom is that near!

Yet the kingdom shall never shine through the eyes of one who boasts that he knows of the kingdom and has no more to learn. Be humble and faithful and bow before the Lord God, that, as you rise, you may shine with the eternal light of unity, love and peace.

We leave you in the eternal love and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. May you be saved by an awareness of this holy love. Peace be with you. Amen.

*March 22*

*Your Inner And Outer Universe*

I am the spirit of the living Christ. I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ, in the full consciousness of divine love.

We ask you to consider your environment at this moment. Each of the stars in your night sky careens in perfect balance along its cosmic track and about your sun your planet travels in that self-same regularity, all elements harmonizing into the divine plan which affords opportunity that spiritual consciousness may grow in you.

Contemplate, within, that universe of cells which makes up each organ and member of your physical body. Know and feel the utter harmony and regularity of those infinitesimal galaxies as in their whirling they create bases for that energy field which you experience as a living body.

Is any member or organ of that body seemingly out of harmony? If so, allow the spirit to offer instruction as, in your knowing and inner faith, in a deep way, you speak to your own body, telling it of the wonder and perfection of the creation of the Father.

Each of you has within you the means whereby to call bodily, mental, emotional and spiritual harmony to you. If such be your need this day, do so and be merry, resting in the vibrant peace of the Father.

We leave you in that peace, now and forever. Amen.

*March 23*

*Look Again*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Divinity may seem to have no part in your experience as you awaken to yet another day of traffic, work, chores to do and lists to be made and scratched out. Yet it is the prayer of the spirit of the living Christ that divinity may be at all times in utterly close proximity to each spirit, however concerned with the mundane, however overwhelmed with the everyday chores of a busy life.

You will find the spirit between the motes of dust, within the glimmer of moisture upon a cobweb, rounding like fog at the corners of the heart.

Our prayer is our presence. Do not turn from dust and chores and dailiness to seek the living waters of spiritual food but, rather, gaze at them more closely, for there is no day so busy nor prison so closely bound that the spirit is not within each task and each bar.

We would rescue that state of mind, which does not relish earthly things yet sees none other, from inward blindness by saying, “Look again.” For shall not divine love penetrate and, with your desire, have strength to transform each and every action which you may take this day?

We leave you in that striving which is the peace of Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*March 24*

*The Ore Of Humankind*

I am of the spirit of Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The gem-like quality of the pilgrim’s soul may be seen seldom with your dark physical eyes, for the ore of humankind is rough and the exterior of most gem-like souls is pitted, darkened and scarred by erosion and age.

It is the function of the spirit of love to enhance one’s eyesight when gazing at gold and gems in the rough. There is a vision which comes only to those who refuse to trust their physical eyes.

May you ask this boon of the spirit of Christ, for each time that you see the Christ in another, you have become Christ to that other, and the gem that is your pilgrim’s soul is polished and faceted by deed and thought.

We leave you in the peace and comfort of love. Amen.

*March 25*

*Love As Motivation*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the fullness of the consciousness which is divine love

That consciousness is the ground of being of all who may hear our voice. That single word, love, created all that there is. The image of love draws each seeker on; with visage veiled and beguiling; with footsteps infinitely retreating before the advancing soul.

For that consciousness which is pure and creative and all- powerful is that consciousness which is its own source; that light which shines through the ages; that factory of all that there is, and that home to which all that there is shall return.

Do not sentimentalize the love of Jesus the Christ, for He left His spirit with you not only to comfort you but to excite and motivate each soul to act in that same consciousness and live in that same light and energy.

Know that your feet rest upon love, the ground of your being and that that creative energy is the active principle. The passive principle is peace.

In that peace we leave you, both now and forever. Amen.

*March 26*

*Bloom In Due Season*

I am of the principle of the most high; of the consciousness of divine love. I greet you in peace.

The sun shines, beckoning to spring. Spring comes to the sun as a dove to its dovecote or the weary cow to its barn. For one more cycle the travail of earth is over. And, born anew from the dead and sleeping land, new life appears, shyly peeking from the safety of the soil’s womb but drawn ever onward by the nourishing warmth of the sun and the blessing of the rain.

So it is with each of you who are seeds. You are planted in the soil of your humanity. What can you do with the seed that you carry within you? Nothing. You may only improve the soil, cultivate that small plot where your spirit may rise in bud and bloom in due season.

If it be wintertime in your heart, it is time to accept that each seed needs times of deep contemplation and the gathering of energy. But when each sees that first glimmer of sunlight, let your spirit be glad. Let your heart leap for joy within you.

May you prepare your soul in all gladness for the beautiful blossom that lies budded and waiting within you.

We leave you in the peace of Christ Jesus, now and evermore. Amen.

*March 27*

*A Nation Of Priests*

I am the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

The concept of nations among your people has not been aided by the Holy Spirit’s work within those who long ago formed the nation you call Israel.

Let the spirit of Christ proclaim that humankind is a nation of priests, an order holy to God. The state of Israel was not intended literally, nor do any nations, namings or boundaries form a portion of the full and perfect consciousness which is love.

Nay! Rather, love is that city within each which, like Jerusalem of your holy works, shines with the gems, pearls and precious metals, seas of crystal and light without limit. The kingdom of heaven, not the kingdom or nation of Israel or any other place, is the native land of humankind.

Its comforts reach out to you. Its beacon calls. And all the memories of home thrill one’s spirit as one gazes about the confusingly alien landscape of the smaller life of Earth-bound things.

Think not that a holy nation must needs conquer or be conquered. For the only nation that shall be holy shall be the nation with open arms and free consciousness to love all as priests of God in Christ should indeed do. Only in undifferentiated love may peace come to comfort the pilgrim.

We leave you in peace, now and forever. Amen.

*March 28*

*Only This Love Abides*

I am of the Holy Spirit of the consciousness of Jesus Christ. I greet you in unconditional and divine love.

What does the spirit have to say to the world this day? What comfort and consolation may mere words bring to those who dwell in the shadow of death; who live in constant fear of war and rumors of war?

Only this: love abides. Where is the spirit in this chaos of society? Love is in every budding flower; in every passing cloud; in the unfurling leaves of Easter days; in the smiles of children too innocent to know the burdens of intelligence. Love is a comfort within you that dwells in your heart.

As spirit moves across the waters, so the spirit of Jesus the Christ moves across the waters of your troubled consciousness, saying, “Peace; be still. Be still and know that I am the Lord, the Master, the chief of a kingdom not visible upon your earth, but within each heart that beats.” That is the kingdom of which the Comforter speaks.

Gaze you, then, not upon the works of man to see the kingdom of the Father, but upon the works of the Father: the temples made of wildflowers and trees and the temple of your own heart and consciousness.

Enter into that tabernacle and be silent. And in that silence shall you find comfort, strength, renewal and transformation.

We leave you in the peace of the love that knows no bounds and is forever near, both now and always. Amen.

*March 29*

*Your Deepest Name Is Christ*

I am of the principle of divine and eternal love and I greet you in the most precious name of Jesus the Christ.

You shall, today, meet someone whose name you think you know, and you shall gaze upon the flesh, opaque and mortal, that is the prison of the incarnate soul.

Know as you meet friends, acquaintances or strangers that the name of the body, the personality and the mind which is used to live a life is not truly the deepest name, but that the deepest name of each is Christ.

For each is Christ. Each eye that meets yours is that of God in flesh. All beings are heirs together in eventual realization of Christhood. Jesus the Christ has said, “If you aid any person you are aiding me.” Let pure compassion melt the sight of flesh and mortality, that you may serve the Christ in all and find the peace and freedom of infinite love.

We of the spirit are here for you that, by grace, you may see the better, hear the clearer, and love the more purely.

We leave you in divine love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*March 30*

*To Grow Through Change*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of divine love.

Changes seem to be occurring ever more rapidly. Such is the subjective experience of all beings as occasion upon occasion mounts up in a life experience. Thus, as one becomes older one has the opportunity to become less and less comfortable, for change is indeed uncomfortable if seen only as the challenge to the will and faith.

We urge each to realize the great value of change. “To go through changes” is the normal expression. “To grow through changes” is the desired expression.” May each lose fear when change looms before the path and find that limitless love and peace which will allow the growth of the spirit through these experiences.

We leave you in peace, now and forever. Amen.

*March 31*

*The Messenger Of Love*

I am of the principle of living love and I greet you in the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

I greet you as a messenger sent out before the dawn of each thought in the mind.

I greet you as a new beginning in every moment of the day.

I greet you around trick corners and sudden hurdles. Reach for the arms of comfort in times of distress, for we are there.

We are the principle of love, and as you speak to us of love, we come to you with love. And as our comfort is sweet to you, so is your heart to the Creator, the Father of all things. And so you have the opportunity at each and every dawning to become one with God in Christ through the grace of the spirit of love.

We leave you in the peace and joy which are yours to experience through the birthright of Christ, both now and ever. Amen.

*April 1*

*Cost And Fruit*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of divine love and I greet you in radiant joy.

It is the season of Easter, the time when Jesus’ emergence from the earth is held in remembrance and His ascent therefrom rejoiced at. Now is the season of blooming, for just as Jesus grew like a flower from the earth, so too may we see in each flower that resurrection glory.

In this season may you find much to rejoice at, never regretting the cost of winter but glorying instead in the fullness and promise of spring. Such are the cycles of eternal life. The cycles contain different kinds of blooming and different kinds of growing, but always the pulse of cost and fruit.

We leave you in the peaceful harmony of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*April 2*

*Give Thanks!*

I am of the consciousness of the most high. I greet you in the realization of unconditional love, the consciousness of the Christ.

The morning has come again. For what can you give thanks? If there is no sunshine to praise, then praise the clouds and rain.

If you cannot give thanksgiving for the plenteousness of water and the shade of the trees in an oasis, give thanksgiving instead to the clean, clear, lucid and deep desert wherein may be found plain answers and the untangling of many a mystery.

If you seem tossed about on the stormy ocean and find that you cannot praise this condition, praise instead the endlessness of that ocean and the infinity and freedom of the water.

For all things made by the Creator are equally to be praised. All moods, feelings and thoughts of those conscious beings whom He made are equally worthy.

Therefore, in whatever condition you find yourself, give thanks. But chiefly give thanks for the Creator which has made all things. For in all things lies love; the love of the consciousness of wholeness, healing and peace which is the gift in embodiment of Jesus the Christ.

May you feel blessed regardless of circumstance, because you are a witness to the creation. You may not understand it but you may praise it in faith and hope, and in that spirit shall you be consoled.

We leave you in the peace and consolation of the spirit of unconditional and infinite love, now and ever. Amen.

*April 3*

*Comfort Ye*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and of the principle of full, creative love. We greet you with thanksgiving and blessing and urge you also to find the blessings in this very hour, in this exact moment which lies before you.

When one thinks with one’s mind and reacts to one’s bodily needs, one is trapped in an area which is finite. Spiritual life is far different. We pray that you may, indeed, be comforted, realizing that the nature of spiritual comfort can be difficult.

For is it not written in the Holy Bible that the Comforter, encouraging the comfort of the people, ate locusts and wild honey and died a petty and horrible death? The Creator’s peace is a peace that knows no end of strife until the breath leaves the body. The principle of love is of this character.

May you find your peace, your strength, and your courage, as though all events, emotions and occasions were far more alike than different.

“Comfort ye. Comfort ye, my peoples.”

Indeed! Words of comfort, ultimately given from the cross. In resurrection we shall see each other face to face and will know each other for the great comfort that we have been, all to each other.

We leave you in peace, now and always.

*April 4*

*The Creator’s Maternal Side*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

How very much you need to focus in upon the nurturing, maternal side of the Creator of you all!

How very much you need to be held and comforted, for within each of you there is that brokenness which needs the arms put round, the comforting and the embracing.

We ask each of you to trust in that all-accepting and comfortable love which the Creator has for all of His children. Acknowledge this need for spiritual comfort and open your inner selves to the consolation of the spirit of Jesus the Christ. It is for this reason that this principle or energy has been granted for all times and in all places. We are here for you as you are here for Christ.

We leave you in the peace of love and union, now and ever. Amen.

*April 5*

*Retreat From A Weary World*

I am the spirit of the living God and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is the essence of Jesus the Christ.

As you experience these words, experience too the energy and the atmosphere that accompanies them. Feel the presence of the spirit of love moving into your heart, filling your mind, bathing you in light and peace and tickling your fancy to laughter, merriment and lightness. Feel the lightness and the joy of love that is pure, open, giving and unconditional.

This is your paradise. This is your heaven. This is your retreat from the woes of a weary world. Do not lose this place during your experiences this day. Come back into this consciousness and we shall be there, and you shall be consoled, comforted, strengthened and enabled. These promises we leave with you.

These promises await you peacefully, joyfully, now and ever. Amen.

*April 6*

*The Springtime Energy Of Cells*

I am the spirit of love and I greet you in the consciousness that is Jesus the Christ.

Your feet shall not stand upon the good earth all the day, yet within the mind and within the heart let yourselves never be removed from that primal energy source. Know that every fiber of your sweet planet’s natural growth, as it burgeons into springtime, expresses its energies in rejoicing and that all who stand amongst the flowering may also feel that energy flowing.

And, indeed, all who can turn in mind to that same blooming may experience and be fed by that same joyous, springtime energy, for you are part of the creation of the Father. Feel within each cell the springtime energy of the creature that you are and bless each tendril of new energy, each lighter spring to the step, offering praise to the Creator of these cycles of life. May each cycle of your life spiral you closer to the consciousness of Christ.

We leave you in that consciousness, in that love, and in that peace, now and ever. Amen.

*April 7*

*Repentance*

I am of the principle of the essential and divine love that is full consciousness, and I greet you in the name of Christ, hollowed out and filled up from man to Christ in Jesus.

This day we encourage each seeker to forgive, accept and, if possible, forget the agony of every misdeed, however tiny or large; every error and every misstep.

The Comforter is not named solely as a paradox, for indeed comfort there is in the knowledge that the folly of man can never equal the comfortable love and divine grace of God in Christ.

We leave you in hope of repentance and new life. In every moment of the pilgrim’s step, such is the reality. Peace be with you, now and always. Amen.

*April 8*

*Easter Is Yours*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

All the seasons of the outer and inner year are valid. Yet too often we find that you have the fondness for Lent, the interior atmosphere of negation, deprivation, searching and dark wondering. Yet the Easter mentality is yours as well. And we would not wish to leave you without that comfort.

Experience the imprisonment of your captive heart, caught in a net of shadow and wondering. And, at this moment and for this day, release it, insofar as you feel comfort in doing so, into the glad light of Easter. Allow your spirits to rise and life to be resurrected within you. For you have not followed Jesus the Christ only through the suffering portion of life’s great passion. You have gone on with Him and walked the path of eternity. Easter is yours.

We leave you in the great joy and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*April 9*

*The Moment’s Inspiration*

I am the spirit, the breath, of the consciousness of pure love and I radiate the name of Jesus the Christ and greet you in its fullness and glory.

When things done by others seem to have been done so beautifully and well, it may seem to the one who beholds that there is no need for fresh inspiration, for that which is and can be held in the hand is already enough.

For spirit, that which is in the past is never enough. For the spirit lives in the moment. Thus it is to the moment that the mind is to be made open, that the freshness and the glory of the creation may astound and stun the senses and the intellect anew each moment.

There is a peace in the resting in beauty that is full of the lively excellence of the word, “love.” May all that you conceive and manifest be filled with the present gift of love, for there is no need to rely upon the past for the moment’s inspiration. Turn only within and seek peace and love.

We leave you in peace, now and forever.

*April 10*

*Offering The Self*

I am of the consciousness of love and I greet you in that love which is Jesus the Christ.

Gaze upon the qualities of love divine. See the body broken, the life split and sacrificed. See that in the breaking and in the offering lie the secret of infinite love. Each life may be offered up and thus broken, and from that break may come an infinity of gifts.

We do not suggest for one instant that all sacrifice is good. Rather, we suggest, for one who would love, that there is a blessing and sanctification in offering the self to be used, to be broken, to be opened, and to be shared that is most godly. “When He had given thanks,” it is written, “He took the bread and broke it and gave it to each of His disciples, saying, ‘Take. Eat. This is my body. Do this in remembrance of me.’” May your day and your life, day by day, be a process of thanksgiving, breaking, offering and remembering.

We leave you in the peace and love of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*April 11*

*A Fine Pilgrimage*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

I am the Comforter. Come, take my hand. Together we may walk through the land of experience. Together we may see the illumination of day and rejoice in the velvet darkness of night. Together the soul and its Comforter may make a fine pilgrimage of any road and any weather.

Seek the consolation and the comfort of the consciousness of love. It lies waiting for the touch of your hand, the invitation of your heart. Perhaps you may want to travel for awhile, experiencing the feeling of aloneness and calling to feelings of helplessness and despair. These experiences, too, are most wonderful. Yet when the pitch of experience becomes too keen to bear alone, hold in remembrance that you are not without comfort at any time, in any place.

For the peace and the love of Jesus the Christ are in the world in which you truly live. And in that kingdom of consciousness we leave you, now and always. Amen.

*April 12*

*The Healing Love Of Christ*

I am the spirit of living love. I greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is Christed.

The light of your world comes only physically from the sun and shines in truth more greatly from the eyes of those who have the consciousness of love than from any other source.

Worlds of darkness vanish before the morning light and the most obscene horror grows pitiful in the gentle rays of sunlight. So, too, let the light of your eyes rest on things seemingly good and seemingly evil, seeing the Christ in all and the good in each. Whatever sadness or horror there has been, let your eyes heal it. Let your heart know the healing has occurred. For within each is the power of the spirit; within each, the healing love of Christ.

We leave you in the peace of infinite love. May you never grow weary of the spirit of love.

*April 13*

*You Are Love*

I am the principle of divine love and I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

I am of the spirit or principle of love that moves from age to age, from eon to eon, and from creation to creation: a principle of that which you call the Father; a principle which moves beyond imagination; a principle that is love created and uncreated, and a principle of power that is unimaginable.

This principle is the heart of each of your beings. You are potent, strong and loving beyond your greatest hopes. Equal to this is the power of the illusion to distort the power of love.

Thus must you take care in using your power and in expressing your love. For you and all others of your kind are outwardly children. And that of you which is grown into infinity must pass through a narrow gate, safely to dwell consciously within the soul while living within your illusion, within your world.

But love is of yourself. You are not mundane. You are love. Your heart is the heart of the universe. And within your eyes lies infinity.

May these thoughts bring to you an appreciation of the self you truly are. Rest in that understanding and know that you are cherished infinitely by the spirit.

We leave you in love and peace, both now and ever. Amen.

*April 14*

*May Your Spirit Speak*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love and in its spirit.

As one person looks upon another, creature looks at creature and spirit looks at spirit. In the eyes of some the creature is awake and the spirit quite asleep. In the eyes of others the spirit has so far awakened that the creature needs no expression, for all has been sublimated to the transformation of spirit.

In each glance, in each touch, and in each word with other entities, may your spirit speak mutely and creatively to those about you and may you rejoice to find the lively spirit when and where you will.

Indeed, the spirit is in all. And it is well that all encouragement be given by you, that it may be awakened. To each creature which has the spirit underneath there are awakening and enlivening words and graceful gestures of love and compassion which can be made which do not preach in words but speak volumes to the spirit within others in a sense which goes far deeper than words. Thus may your spirit speak, and thus may you aid in recreating and transforming all to spirit.

We leave you in the lively, creative and transformational peace of the spirit of Christ.

*April 15*

*You Seek The Uncreated Things*

I am of the consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

I am the spirit, created before all worlds and uncreated, attaching creation to un-creation in the fullness of the Father.

Before your minds lie things created. And yet you seek the uncreated things, that which you call the mystery. You need seek no further than the depths and recesses of your being. Each soul is uncreated as well as created, potential as well as active, unstructured as well as infinite, full and whole, with a wholeness of that which is not created but merely is a gift.

For love is that substance which not only is created but creates its own creation from itself. Never fear that you shall lack, in the spirit of love, to be able to offer love in any amount if you but seek the uncreated strength and fullness of the spirit of Jesus Christ. Infinity lies within you and light which seems inaccessible to the eyes is accessible in prayer.

We leave you in the peace of wholeness, now and ever.

*April 16*

*At One With Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Become very quiet. This moment is the linchpin of your busy day. This is your moment of communion. This is your heavenly meal.

For in this silence, in this moment, as your heart opens its inner door, so may you become Christed, at one with love. Thus the roots of your spirit are fed and you are given the strength to do that which it is for you to do this day.

Perhaps you will move very quickly this day. The spirit moves quickly with you. Remember as the day goes by to touch into that place of communion in the heart and you will find that love is always with you, as Jesus the Christ said, until the end of the age.

Root yourself in heaven and give your fruit to the world of the Creator that many think is the world of humankind. Let the smile upon your face be a smile knowing of the untruth of a world ever without love.

For love is in the midst of you. Love has created you. Love sustains you. And love will give you work to do. At the end of your silence, at the end of your listening, go gladly to that work and rejoice that you are alive to experience the love in this day, with these challenges.

We leave you in love and peace, now and forever. Amen.

*April 17*

*The Power Of The Presence*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of unconditional love.

As we scan the concerns that fill the minds of those present, we find this instrument suffering for a planet which has been damaged by its own kind. We find this concern, too, in all those whose minds we touch who are praying to the spirit at this time.

Know that the spirit is powerful. There is a prayer this instrument says daily and because it is the creation of a truth applicable to this situation, we repeat it using this instrument’s mind,

“Come Holy Spirit! Fill the hearts of your faithful and kindle in us the fire of your love. Send forth your spirit and we shall be created and you shall renew the face of the Earth. O Thou Who by the light of the Holy Spirit did instruct the hearts of the faithful, grant that by the same Holy Spirit we may be truly wise and ever enjoy Its consolation. Through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.”

Do not feel powerless! Seek and ask for the spirit of living love, the powerful consciousness of the Christ. That power is no power without each of you. So pray, not to renew the face of the Earth upon your own but rather that the spirit may come upon you and transfigure and transform you. For in that process alone shall the creation be made new, whole, lovely and perfect.

We urge each to experience within itself the power of the presence of love. Let it renew you. And then, by being yourselves and acting as you must, shall your sphere become once more a lovely, healthy dwelling place for consciousness.

In love, healing and peace we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*April 18*

*The Inward House Of Prayer*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that living love.

If you seek to do the Father’s will this day, be not satisfied with actions which leave a residue within the mind and spirit of anxiety, restlessness and fatigue. For if these things are felt, then mundane concerns have not been sacrificed in order that the spirit may be dead to Earth and made alive to the moving will of the Creator.

If goodly and Godly effort has fatigued you, turn to the inward house of prayer and offer up the self with all of the opinions and requirements of the world in which you live.

And await the refreshment that the spirit gives to those who pray. For it is the soul refreshed in spirit which faces all earthly tasks without a sense of labor and all mundane toils without the expectation of fatigue.

Be only satisfied in prayer when the state of mind that is within you is that the world is alive and filled with joy, as the spirit moves and recreates all that there is to become more and more the image and manifestation of love.

We leave you in the inward peace which is the hallmark of the consciousness of love amidst any circumstance. Amen.

*April 19*

*Be Still And Adore*

I am of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in that full consciousness of love.

Be still!

Be still, each soul which seeks within and without for that stranger that you would identify as mystery.

Be still, each portal of sense and every shadow of pleasure and pain.

Be still! Let all come to rest, to kneel and adore. Let the self become a zero; a heavenly nothing. For only in the zero lies the infinity which then may fill the infinite space within which has been opened to the infinity without.

It is not by striving but by still surrender that the pilgrim of Earth shall know the place where he has been all the time.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*April 20*

*The Heritage Of Christ*

I am of the principle of the full consciousness of love.

Once, many years ago, a man you call Jesus walked upon the dry soil of his native land. The reality of an incarnation is such that at times it may blind those who follow such an incarnation of Christhood to the eternal and immutable consciousness of Christ which was carried within that incarnation but which is available always for those who seek this consciousness.

It is not an illusion or a delusion to seek the consciousness of Christ. Focusing upon the incarnation of Jesus the Christ is a tool and a resource, a blessing and a gift.

However, the very air that you breathe carries the consciousness of Christhood.

Know that you are channels of the consciousness of Christ and, insofar as you may give yourself over entirely to that consciousness, others shall see Christ through you.

For are you not also the sons and daughters of humankind? Do you not also share the heritage which Jesus offered for all? We encourage you to refrain from despair in focusing upon the incarnation of Jesus and contrasting it with your own consciousness.

Peace be with you as you create new life by your consciousness, now and ever. Amen.

*April 21*

*Lovers Before The Holy Spirit*

I am of the principle of the full consciousness of love and I greet you as the living Word of the most high.

Know ye that men and women alike are as lovers before the Holy Spirit, to be impregnated with the divine, that, within illusion, manifestation of the creative renewal of the infinite love of Jesus the Christ may take place.

Sexuality is seen only as its gross aspect by most who live the earthly life. Yet there is enormous polarity betwixt the pilgrim and the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is not nurturer alone but impregnator, that each pilgrim may be full of that which is born of the spirit and not of flesh.

Know that you may carry the living Word, the Christed consciousness that was and is and always shall be with and in Jesus the Christ. And embrace, as lovers, that life-giving love of the heavenly seeds within.

We leave you in the expectant peace of all who await the spirit of the living Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*April 22*

*The Waterfall*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love divine.

There is a waterfall that streams from infinity, its sparkling rainbow cascades invisible to the eye but full of healing and health, nourishment and nutrition for the spirit.

This cascade flows wherever there is consciousness. And the love that surrounds you is there because you are loved. This day, allow the consciousness of that love to fill you, that all that you do, you may do for the love of Jesus Christ.

Have you the chores, the small tasks, the seemingly unimportant dusting and paperwork and foolishness of that sort? Do it for the love of Jesus the Christ. Do all for the love of the Creator. Then shall the waterfall of love be answered by your love.

Then shall the waterfall move into you and through you to bless the world anew. For only the created can express the uncreated light that is the waterfall of divine love. Feel it surround you. Express it within you. Allow it to flow through you. And do all that you do for the love of the Christ.

We leave you in the consciousness of its peace, now and always. Amen.

*April 23*

*The Holy Vibration*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of love. I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

For the spiritually oriented seeker, names are very important. For the breath that is the spirit of love molds itself into vibrations which have a profound effect upon the creature which, though physical, has resonances with the metaphysical self in its analog.

That is to say that the name of the Lord of your life has the vibration of strength for you. Thus the name of Jesus, though not the earthly name, Jehoshua, nevertheless bears the strongest vibratory significance to the instinctual, creaturely self which resonates with the analogous spiritual body which is the spiritual body incorruptible.

Know that the breath of the spirit is breathed into you as you think upon holy names and is breathed from you as you consciously vibrate words of love which are meaningful to those whom you wish to love and serve.

We leave you upon the holy vibration of peace, now and forever. Amen.

*April 24*

*To Your Heart’s Health*

I am of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the midst of paradise, where love abounds and light never fails. So it is within your heart. Love abounds and light never fails.

All souls have what you may call a dark side. There are things that lay heavy upon the soul. There are thoughts of past and thoughts of future. And in this heaviness, in this past and this future, the joyful present is lost within your heart and your soul.

Look at the good that comes to you today. Be quiet and sure and aware ahead of time that good shall come to you. Expect it. And if that which you get is unexpectedly difficult, search out the love that you are to learn and express for Jesus the Christ.

Let this be for you a day of rejoicing; a day of moving into the love of the Creator; a day lost in praise of Jesus the Christ.

There are those of you who do not wish to reckon with Jesus the Christ. We of the spirit of the full consciousness of love suggest only that you need not reckon with the entity Jesus, but to your heart’s health and your soul’s life, you must reckon with Christhood. Gaze at the story of the man and grasp the meaning and the implications of living the full consciousness of love.

When you have done so, do not despair but rejoice, for we are with you always.

Our peace and love be with you now and evermore. Amen.

*April 25*

*By What Star Shall You Steer*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full and divine love of creation and Creator.

Does it not seem to you somehow unusual that we who accept the phrase of Holy Spirit never call ourselves holy and that we who are the spirit of the living Christ never call Jesus Christ, Lord?

We are of the principle of full and divine consciousness and as such we are servants of your souls, those who love the spirit within you.

It is for you to choose what principle guides your life, by what star you shall steer. Shall it be the love of Jesus Christ and shall you call Jesus Christ Lord of your life? That is your decision.

Your capacity for worship is your own private treasure. May you ever enlarge and make more noble and uplifted your times of worship and adoration! And if, as yet, you do not worship and do not adore, then spend more time in the inner room of silence, listening, in the growing awareness of love.

We leave you in the love and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*April 26*

*Remove The Wall*

I am of the principle of Jesus Christ which is called divine love. I greet you in unconditional and eternal love, no matter who you are, no matter how you feel about yourself, Creator, Jesus the Son of Man or about love Itself.

You hear this voice over a wall of your own making. We suggest to you gently this day that you may set about the work of removing that wall. There is a brick of self- condemnation; there a brick of hardened dislike admitting no reprieve; there an envy. What a brick that is and how firm the mortar!

You have so many possessive, hungry, sorrowful, suffering and lonely thoughts creating an anger and loneliness that says, “Where is comfort? Why do you speak to me of unconditional love when I experience hardship, worry and limitation of all kinds?”

We are the spirit of peace and love. And through the breath of this instrument we express in the world today, just as it is. For in its imperfection, how perfect, how lovely, how beautiful is the dwelling place of each soul and the soul that dwells therein!

May you learn to love, a little at a time. But first, with the tools of forgiveness, remove the wall that stands between you and the comforting, strengthening and enabling force of unconditional love for you that awaits you on the other side of self-forgiveness.

We leave you in the utter peace of that condition and in the strengthening which that condition gives you to serve others in peace and joy. In these we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*April 27*

*Love Awaits*

I am the principle of the full consciousness of love. I greet you in the love of Jesus the Christ.

Love does not often drive out hate, although it can, for love’s compassion limits the full sway of vengeance.

Hate cannot replace love though it attempts again and again to make love its victim.

Thus the comfort of the consciousness of love is available to one whether one is in a state of positive or negative emotions. For the dealings of the two polarities are separate, negative polarity being the choice to separate from positive unity.

Therefore, there is never any need to be uncomforted, for we are the principle of love brought into creation for the benefit of those pilgrims who seek in manifestation. We would not see one soul in pain.

Yet we do not wish to batter down the doors to your hearts, for that is not love’s way. Rather, we wait. Please ask us in to the deepest and darkest of the rooms of your heart, for therein, too, lies comfort for those who seek it from Jesus the Christ.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*April 28*

*Praise And Thanksgiving In Your Heart*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Take this moment to become more and more in touch with that feeling of praise and thanksgiving that is in your heart this day. The trees praise the Lord. The hills and valleys rejoice. And the burgeoning flowers move through the earth to the sun in bursts of pleasure and chanting of happiness to the winds.

It may seem that there are obstacles to your joy and that the world is not one which you would praise. Yet gaze you at your own hands and at the mind of the Father which created such tools.

Gaze at the incessantly changing colors of your thoughts and behold the beauty of the creation of the Father.

Look at those who have served you and those whom you have served, those who have displeased you and those whom you have displeased, and praise the Father Who gives you freedom to make your own decisions about His creation; Who urges you to pick and choose, to think and select and grow.

The more your heart may stand in the light of faith, praising and giving thanksgiving, the more yet again shall the spirit find this opportunity to be granted unto you in happy harvest.

The first word of praise in any day is an act of blind faith and brings the heart into peaceful concert with the harmonious plan of the Father.

May you choose to dwell in that peace, now and forever. Amen.

*April 29*

*The Inarticulate Voice*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

We are principles of consciousness, the kind of consciousness in which all distorted consciousnesses have their origin.

As in all consciousness, we are inarticulate messengers and are able to impress the paradigms and motivations of love upon the mind and heart of the pilgrim only to the extent that the consciousness of the pilgrim is slanted towards the bias of the articulation of love’s message for each and for the harmony of creation.

Thus, even if one seeks the voice of the spirit, it is also well to seek the consciousness of intuition and articulation of feelings. For it is in small and often inarticulate ways that the voice of the spirit speaks. And it is the wise pilgrim which has prepared the mind and heart for that still, small voice, expecting not the poverty of intellectual articulation but the riches of clear bias.

We leave you in peace, both now and always. Amen.

*April 30*

*With The Eyes Of Love*

I am the spirit of Him who cleaved the way of truth, Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love, the spiritual principle which Jesus the Christ lived.

This entity saw all things with eyes of love. And we await each heart that calls to us that we may be, for each, the eyes of love. For as you look upon your day, if it is seen with the eyes of love, it is a perfect day in every way. The tasks put before you to do are those which will be helpful to others or will teach patience and understanding. Those people whom you will meet will feed you with their unique loveliness or will challenge you to find the Christ within the distortions of your mundane world.

And so all things are either for joyous and enhanced living or for serious and persistent study to know the mind of Christ, to see with the eyes of Christ.

Call upon the spirit of love. It was for this reason that this principle was invoked in a personal sense for each and every consciousness within the creation. We have great love for each and await each call with a happy heart.

We leave you in the peace which cleaves through falsity, that active peace which is love, now and forever. Amen.

*May 1*

*Endless Centers Of Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in full consciousness; the consciousness which is all that there is; the consciousness of love.

You sit. You listen inwardly. And your universe contracts as meditation lifts you and silence greets you with profound wisdom. Slowly you feel yourself expand. And you are aware of the love all about you: the creatures that fly and walk and crawl and swim, the very motes of dust in the air, the blessed sunshine or the equally blessed rain giving glory to the Father. And as you meditate, your universe expands even more.

You are aware that you are an integral part of the sphere upon which you live. The world is your neighborhood. All the sunshine and all the rain of all the world are within you; within the heart; within the consciousness.

Then your consciousness takes flight and moves away until your home sphere is no longer visible and all about you are endless centers of love, radiating, radiating, radiating.

And as you expand further, you discover that all of the infinite creation—every star, every planet, every ray of sunshine and every creature—lies within your consciousness. For you and the creation are one.

Now, you are still sitting upon your blanket, or upon your couch or chair. Yet, the universe is now inside you and you feel its balance and its grace. You feel also your balance, your grace, and the infinite love that created all that there is. Nothing is alien to you. All is love. Open your hearts to that infinite truth.

We leave you in peace and love, now and ever. Amen.

*May 2*

*Lift Them To The Lord*

I am that principle which comes in the name of the Lord Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

We would focus this morning upon the word, “cherish.” All of you are wounded. Turn to the spirit within and in faith lift up your wounds, your hearts, and your spirits as an offering to the Creator, the Father of all.

Trust in the spirit of love to create within that offering the consciousness of cherishing; of lightening the burden; of lifting the heart; of making a true offering of the self, not just as a wounded self but as a self that is always in the presence of healing. It is a right and joyful thing to do; it brings you no reward but that you have remembered to cherish and praise the Creator of all.

As you move through your day, gaze upon the many chores that seem so mundane and the relationships that do not seem to be happy, useful or helpful. And once again lift them to the Lord, cherishing these seemingly ruined gifts.

For it is in the strength of the principle which we represent, that of divine love, that all these are turned into a cherishing. For you ask for nothing back, nothing in return but only to make an offering of your life as it is, as you are.

You are cherished. Lift your consciousness and you, too, shall cherish the mundane and so change it into an offering of praise, thanksgiving and blessing.

We leave you in the consciousness of healing, completely unselfish, divine and cherishing love; love that shall give you peace, now and evermore. Amen.

*May 3*

*True Reality Beyond Doubting*

I am the spirit of living love and I greet you in the consciousness of Christ.

We find this instrument full of self-doubt. And it would be impossible to use this instrument were it not that the instrument is willing to be clear, regardless of her doubts. We would ask each to use this as a parable for the life experience.

Of course you will have doubts. Of course you will be discouraged. Of course there will be many things that you do not understand. But the strength, the power, and the divinity of the consciousness of love is with each always, far closer than your breathing, far more yourself than your skin and your bones.

Know the true reality beyond the doubting. Call upon the spirit of the living God, for you live your life not only in doubt but in the certainty of eternity.

We leave you in the everlasting peace of the infinite love of Jesus the Christ. Amen.

*May 4*

*The Wellspring Of Life*

I am the spirit of the living Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The living wellspring of life comes to each and yet awaits the asking, just as water remains in the pipe until the faucet is turned.

The holy city of God stands with plain streets and glass stones until the seeker within its gates opens those gates to let in that vivifying spirit which turns glass to gem and plain streets to crystal seas and golden portals.

Each seeker already stands at the wellspring of life within the city of God. Yet until the call goes out in full sincerity from the heart of the pilgrim, the manifestation of joy and wholeness cannot be felt.

We stand waiting without the gates for the principle of the full consciousness of love to be asked to enter. We await each call in perfect confidence of the glorious outcome. For all consciousness shall see Christ.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*May 5*

*Anchored In Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of pure, whole and divine love. May you feel that love as these words surround you and penetrate you, that you may begin your day and continue your day anchored in love.

This instrument was concerned during this morning’s offering that she was so irreverent as to make jokes and to laugh with an unexpected caller. May we say forcefully that if the life is lived in the spirit of love, it is a life lived in laughter. It is a life lived in joyful humor. And one who spreads the laughter and the humor spreads the peace and the healing of Jesus Christ, Lord of all.

Are you afraid of the words “Lord” and “King”? Know that love, the very fabric of consciousness, is Lord and is King of that kingdom of love which you seek. And you do not need to seek in vain. We are of the spirit of Jesus the Christ, Comforter to the world today. And at this moment we say to you, “Live and laugh! Live and be joyful! And you shall live sacramentally and in the kingdom of eternal life.”

We leave you in the peace which passeth all understanding; in the love of Jesus the Christ, now and evermore. Amen.

*May 6*

*Joy Upon Joy*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

This is the spirit’s word for you today: come down from your cross, my children and nourish your faith upon the common ground of ordinary life.

There is the concept of suffering. There is the suffering of the past, of the present and of the future. Yet, the spirit of the living God is with you. You need not suffer, but open to faith and hope.

The spirit of Jesus the Christ is one of comfort, consolation and strengthening. There is no damage that cannot be mended by faith; a faith that brings about the climate of forgiveness; a faith that brings about the healing of all that is broken; a faith in which fears for the future may not live. For fear is a hothouse flower and when exposed to the love of a living Christ it must perish as a weed before the burning sun.

In this light, may you be impregnated with faith upon faith, joy upon joy. To prepare your ground for faith this day, ask in sincerity and truth that it may be so. Ask with all your heart and it shall be so.

We leave you in the blessed peace and love of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*May 7*

*Rise And Be Free*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of love. I greet you in the love of Christ.

Within the mind does each pilgrim bow before the spirit and fall to the knees upon the dusty floor of human suffering.

Yet to the spirit all things are light and love and the holy flame of the principle of Jesus the Christ reaches out to sin and suffering with hand and arm, saying, “Arise! Come and do the work of the spirit, not the work of the bondservant.”

My children, rise and be free, for that spirit which is love utterly commits and utterly frees the answering spirit of the pilgrim. Answer and be made whole, that the light may shine in and through you and that you may, by your light, lift others from the threshing floor of error.

We leave you in the transfiguring peace of the love of Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*May 8*

*The Garden Of The Spirit*

I am of the principle of the full consciousness of love.

I am the garden of your heart. I am the fountain of joy. I dwell in the midst of experience and no creature is far from me at any time.

The difficulties of experience may seem like many waters separating the soul from light, separating the thirsty one from wholesome drink. And yet the water of troubles is shallow. And with the feet under one, the soul may stand up into good air and see the fountain of life.

Know that if you are in trouble of any kind today, it is a shallow and unstable trouble, a mere shadow waiting only for the heart to pound with courage and faith, that the feet may be gathered under one and the soul’s body be thrust upright.

For truly it is said that man has never left the Garden of the spirit in any but the most shallow sense. A little round of salvation may seem large. Yet because it is a perfect circle you have never been without it.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*May 9*

*You Are The Holy One*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness which is divine love.

Sometimes it may seem that troubles surround you, that your easy path seems hedged in at every turn and filled with boulders difficult to climb over and impossible to remove.

It may seem to you that you are then comfortless. This is not so. The spirit of Jesus the Christ lives in the world this day, this moment, and for you. You are the holy one we have come to comfort. You are the seeking saint we hope to console. You are the doubting spirit we hope to renew.

Share your responsibilities, your troubles and the difficulties of your path in prayer with those of us who love you most dearly. In that sharing there shall be joy amidst hardship and strength amidst weakness.

In joy, in strength and in peace we leave you now and ever. Amen.

*May 10*

*Become Part Of Your Creation*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the fullness of the blessing of love.

There is so much in a day that goes unnoticed; the beautiful color of the sky and the twitter of birds. Seen from the windows of your transport, the world seems surreal and apart from you.

Let it not be that way this day for you. Enter into the majesty and glory of the creation of the Father. Raise your hands in joy to the sky. Feel the life beneath your feet. Touch the living branches of the beautiful trees. Do these things as a blessing to yourself. For this beauty was made for you, and if your eyes do not appreciate it, it must bloom unseen. Become part of your creation this day. Find the peace and the joy that leaps from every living branch.

We leave you in that peace, now and ever. Amen.

*May 11*

*The Details Of Daily Life*

I am of the principality of heaven and of the nature of love. I greet you in that consciousness which is the love of Christ.

We find within this instrument the experience of wrestling with the dark angel of desire. For as the instrument’s brighter angel desires to tend towards the living Christ, yet the busy- bee mind engages wholeheartedly and insistently in wrestling the attention towards smaller and smaller details of the daily life, so that all feeling of continuity and wholeness is lost and the earthen vessel which is the body seems in place for no reason except to attend to a myriad of details.

Yet it is truly said that great treasure may lie within and be reflected from and through just these earthen vessels. And so the struggle is well continued.

Indeed, the simple knowledge that there is an alternative to a life without a unifying spirit enlivens and beautifies the intentions and thus the deeper desires of the pilgrim. The Holy Spirit of the living God wishes never to intrude but to invite the strength of love to enliven the drab details of daily life. And so shall it be done. The struggle shall give way again and again to victory.

We leave you in the peace of the spirit’s continuing struggle to seek the full consciousness of love, for that is only the surface appearance. What one seeks, one shall surely find. Peace to you, now and ever.

*May 12*

*Whence The Spirit Shall Blow*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

At the beginning of time the spirit moved upon the face of creation and light shone forth upon the darkened portions of the Earth.

The spirit of the living God is a light which comes from beyond time, a light which encompasses all times and places, a light which may move as it will from past to present, from future to past.

Nothing is closed to the light of love and the spirit of that love moves as it wills. Thus is it ever impossible to know whence the wind of spirit shall blow nor whither it tends. The only prayer of the spirit-filled being is a prayer of surrender. For plans may be made, but the spirit may well overturn the plans of man.

Yet is not the strong action suggested by spirit more desirable than all the ordered series of actions without the spirit of love in the universe?

We leave you in the peace of the mind’s surrender to eternity and the forces of love, now and ever.

*May 13*

*All Are Loved*

I am of the principle of the divine consciousness of love and I greet you in that love.

We find, as we often find in using this instrument, that the instrument so despairs of its own worth in the spiritual sense as a fit conduit for the Holy Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ that it is almost impossible for an open channel to be held in a stable manner.

It is unfortunate that the perception of so many pilgrims is that in some way they must earn by worth or works the right to spiritual experiences. Indeed, it is just in the opposite way that the spirit may work. For if an entity is concerned at all with self the concern aids in blocking the free flow of the spirit.

Once the desire for surrender to the spirit is clear within a pilgrim there is far less resistance to the flow of energy which is the hallmark of the spirit. And so we suggest to this and all pilgrims who are concerned that they are not worthy of spiritual gifts that no one is worthy or unworthy. All are loved.

We leave you in the peace of love, which demands and expects nothing but the beautiful essence of each and every spirit, now and ever. Amen.

*May 14*

*What Shall The Day Bring?*

I come in the name of Jesus the Christ and greet you in the full consciousness of love.

What shall the day bring? This question lies upon the fearful brow of one who hesitates in the morning to gaze steadily at the day’s offerings.

We encourage each instead to rejoice in what the day brings, whatever it may be. The enjoyment of it is the perfect gift of perfect love. Seize it. Relish it. And, in the best way given, deal with it appropriately.

But know, too, that this, indeed this very moment, is the moment which is given for peace, joy, rejoicing and happiness; this moment and no other. Feel the fullness of the spirit of the living Christ within and open to the splendor of the morning.

We leave you in the bracing wind of spirit and the perfect peace of acceptance, now and always.

*May 15*

*Sacramental Waiting*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

This instrument gave us our lesson this morning, our words to the world, and our comfort to the nations, by its own experience. For it was heavily beleaguered by entities which were not of the principle of Jesus the Christ. And again and again there were attempts made to open the channel to associates that were not desirable to this instrument.

Finally all was quiet and this instrument prayed, “I am content with the silence if I cannot hear the voice of love.”

Our key word this day is “presence.” Many, many situations seem unendingly to press upon the self with their wrongnesses and incorrectnesses. Nothing can be saved. All must be cast away. And the effort one has put into that situation seems lost.

It is not lost. It is that which empowers the heart to patience; quietness of spirit; trust and faith in the midst of no evidence to support faith. The waiting one does for wisdom is sacramental. The disposing of that which is not desirable is sacramental. Nothing that you do for the love of the Father is ever lost. So wait you in quietness and do not be moved by the small wounds of insignificant discomfort.

We leave you in the peace which does not demand confirmation but accepts silent, sacramental waiting; that peace which the outer world will never know, now and ever. Amen.

*May 16*

*Go Abroad In Happiness*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Be it known that happiness is not necessarily a burden. We say this because we find this instrument, this morning, bemoaning the awkwardness of a happy spirit which does not seem to produce the fruits that an unhappy spirit produces.

The spirit is with each always, not only in times of trouble but also in times of rejoicing. It is the soul’s difficulty that in times of happiness it is far easier to become oblivious to the wants and needs of the spirit within. The spirit within would always be giving. And, indeed, the happy soul is often content to stay at home amidst the accoutrements of living which have produced such contentment.

Therefore, go abroad in happiness, sensitive as always to the winds that blow from the spirit saying, “Come hither! Touch, feel and sense the spirit at work in and through each soul!”

We hope we leave you in a state of readiness; readiness to turn outward to others and inward to God. In that balance lies peace, now and forever. Amen

*May 17*

*Hope Is Always A Choice*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the divine wholeness of love.

This contact is very weak, as this instrument is very weak. A great deal of the strength or weakness of a person’s essential being hinges upon its desire to be strong. Why would one wish to be weak? Because one is lacking in hope.

Why would one wish to lack in hope? It is not seen that this is open to the process of choice. Yet hope is always a choice. Despair is only one side of the coin which may be turned by the will, at any moment, by anyone, in any circumstance, to hope. Thus we say to you this morning, “Hope! Hope in little things! Hope in grand things! Fill your hearts, your bodies, and your minds with the strength of hope.”

For hope is unending and is that which guides the weary spirit to its place of rest where it may gain strength. And hope shall be turned into joy.

This is part of the grace of the spirit of love that lives amidst each conscious entity. This is part of the comfort that may astound and transform your experience. This is for you! These are not vain words.

You who despair, turn your mind to the power of hope. Gaze upon it as upon a star and affix your intentions upon it with perseverance. And so shall you be made strong, to be the will of the Father.

In love and peace unending do we leave you. Amen.

*May 18*

*Turn From Your Books*

I am of the principle of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Behold, my children! There is a boundless curiosity in you, a drive to know the wisdom and understanding of the universe. And to this end you bestow many long hours on study and contemplation of the divine mysteries.

And yet the language of the spirit is not wisdom but love and it is through ecstasy that teaching is done. Thus turn from your books, you students of the consciousness of life, and stretch out your arms to joy. Moved by the infinite rejoicing echoing throughout the creation, the seeker will finally come to know wisdom by being that which wisdom is, whole and complete, in the consciousness of love.

We leave you in the peace of that love, now and always. Amen.

*May 19*

*The Spirit Of Adventurous Space*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

This instrument has been anxious this morning, wondering if the spirit came and went in the night, marveling that rather than feeling porous and full of the spirit she feels hard and flinty as a rock.

Are all who seek so full of fears in the night watches and the mornings when all is not just as would be wished?

We encourage in all who are timid the spirit of adventurous space. Allow the self to expand, not to include new territories but to include space: space within the self; space within the personality; space within the day.

Those spaces may be filled by those whims and hunches which come to one who has allowed space; those hunches and whims that cause one to reach out and express the spirit of love.

It is in small things that the spirit is transmitted from one to another of the children of God. And there is never any holiday from the spirit’s promptings, not in the night watches and not in the morning nor any time whatsoever.

We leave you in the peace of the constant presence of divine love, now and always.

*May 20*

*Sins Flee Before Love*

I am of the spirit of the full consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

This instrument has little awareness of true holiness this morning. This is the state of almost every spirit who dwells within the earthly bonds of flesh. It was some time before we were even able to make ourselves known to the instrument and this is an instrument trained to recognize coherent spiritual vibration.

The reason for this is the in-turning of the eye of spirit upon the self in order to bemoan what the spirit feels is sinful or full of error. When each spirit causes the flow of generous love to turn in upon itself in judgment of the self, the flow of love is forced to a standstill within the judgmental spirit.

It is true that there is no earthly body which is not a creature of flesh. And it is further true that many are the follies of flesh and countless their encumbrances. However, to unstop the flow of love it is well simply to release each sin perceived and turn with a glad and simple heart towards the direction of the full consciousness of love. For love does not come into the sinful being but, rather, sins flee before the full consciousness of love.

Do not attempt to groom the self to be ready to receive the spirit of Christ but, rather, open to the spirit of Christ in the knowledge that every strength will be given by that spirit for all errors to be removed in due time.

We leave you in the peace of the positive and radiating love of Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*May 21*

*Burdens Laid Down In Faith*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that divine love.

The instrument experiences much confusion at this time and we find it very difficult to channel through her. The Holy Spirit, with its fiery strength, is perhaps for many a dim voice, heard with confused ears. We come in the name of love and yet love itself is not a plunderer. Rather, we await the opening of the door of confusion and the removal of inner tension.

There is, in those who are confused, a feeling that all things must be held together by the self. Yet we say to you that there is no swifter road for the spirit to enter than that road made by the faithful seeker who lays down control of a difficult situation and says with a whole heart, “Not my will, but Thine.” Then it is that we who are single as a flame and yet several and multiple as many tongues of fire may come in and lighten the darkness of confusion with love. May burdens be laid down in faith by many this day.

We leave this instrument in the hope of peace, now and ever.

*May 22*

*The City Of God*

We are of the principle of the living Christ and we greet you in the full consciousness of love.

For many days the instrument has felt beleaguered and puzzled. And so we turn the mind of the instrument to patience and waiting. There are times during the life experience—and it is designed in just this way—when the overwhelming nature of experience is such that the conscious mind is pulled away from that great, slow rhythm of the consciousness of love. The mind, then, is receptive not to the city of God but to the city of man.

Yet that high and holy hill exists in the world as well as outside of it. And it is in quietness and peace of mind that this kingdom is to be seen. Yet also is it to be seen in the beauty that informs each and every work of God and of man. The city of God, that glad place where man may tabernacle with his Creator, lies within as well as in the world to come.

May each who frets and worries sink into quietness and peace of mind, thus to discover the Holy City and God’s will.

We speak to you in love and peace, now and always.

*May 23*

*The Touch Of The Spirit*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of love.

We find this instrument contemplating the lightness of our touch upon its consciousness. Would this instrument wish the Holy Spirit to come upon it in such power that it were struck blind? There are times when the spirit must come upon one or many in the boldest strokes of light and thunder. Yet far more often is the spirit’s influence felt in the light movements of the wind of love’s consciousness upon the texture and fabric of your illusion.

Yet if it is desired that greater light in greater strength strike the life, the pilgrim may seek to condemn, vilify and persecute those things which it does not understand. Then the spirit, soft and sweet, becomes dire and terrible and light becomes awesome.

May your ways be unbound by judgment and may the spirit touch you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*May 24*

*Peace, Be Still*

I am the principle of infinite compassion which is the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in this love.

So many doubts assail your minds; so many self-destructive thoughts; so many stumbling blocks which each seeker puts in its own way through doubt. Let us speak to you of faith.

In all of the ways of existence there are those things which one may question. Yet, undergirding all that there is, is a mysterious splendor of that which was created by love.

The attitude of faith asks no words, brooks no sentiments, and discusses no implications. Faith is that abiding belief that a kindly Creator has a will for each to learn and to grow spiritually and to be of service to others.

Many situations seem quite devoid of that opportunity. Do not be fooled. When you can, show faith. When you can gaze upon the stormy waters and say, “Peace, be still,” within yourself, then you have not dogma or doctrine but a solid rock upon which to stand and the overreaching arms of the Father to protect you, comfort you, and hold you as you walk the steps of the seeker.

We leave you in the peace and joy of that mysterious journey, now and ever. Amen.

*May 25*

*Life Within Each Cell*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The answer to many riddles lies beneath the surface of stone and earth and all things which seem hard, uninteresting and mundane. The life within the stone and the earth and all things is an eternal part of the spirit of living love and exists in an eternal fashion.

The life within each cell of the physical body rests in eternal life also, so that far from being a creature of darkness, the living body dwells in eternity as it dwells within the Earth sphere.

Open the thought about the body to the knowledge that it is instinct with the Holy Spirit of the living God and call upon the eternal life and health of each cell. Then you may feel the excitement of the cells of the body receiving permission to be what each cell truly is: a perfect representation of love.

We leave you in the peace of that love, now and always. Amen.

*May 26*

*The Spirit Of Love*

I am the spirit of Him who comes in the name of the Lord.

All things dwell within the love of God. The love of God is a power which emanates from each living thing. Long before one reaches another person the two sendings of love have intertwined and greeted each other.

There are those whose sensitivity causes them to find pain in the contact with the love of the Creator and pain in the contact with other souls. For the love of God is a strong and vibrant thing and one which removes one’s isolation completely.

Yet even in the midst of isolated countryside, that consciousness which emanates and exudes as the love of the Creator is sent out by each creation of the Father, each flower, grass and tree.

There are some sensitive souls who must then seek the cave. There the emanations of stone, water and air are silent or at least quiet enough that the soul who works alone may find rest.

We urge each to open the doors of acceptance to the life of the spirit of love in people and places and circumstances, but even if we speak to one within a cave we know that the love of God in Christ shall work with you at your chosen speed.

Peace be with you, now and always.

*May 27*

*Hunger And Hope*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

This instrument has been bewildered, as we have flooded the instrument with images of hunger, poverty, entities without homes, without shelter, without clothing, and without hope.

This is a part of the perfect beauty of your illusion. This is that which may be found, not just in other places, but in yours. The spirit of Christ speaks to the world in love, in peace, and in service. What shall you do this day to acknowledge that your very selves are hungry?

Seek in your heart to find a call to renew, revive and replenish the concept of hope, for you are the spirit of Christ in the world today. Your hands give heavenly food as well as provender.

Above all hunger and disorder, may you see the overriding and underlying peace of Jesus Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*May 28*

*Be Christ*

I am the spirit that is meek, the heart that is humble, and the hand that is turned to service. I come to you as the spirit of the infinite love of Jesus the Christ.

Reach out your hand. You see before you an illusion. Yet within the illusion of that hand is warm flesh and blood, a tool and resource for the manifestation of this humble spirit of love.

Open your mouth and give voice. You may give voice in manifestation of the love of Christ. It is not necessary to be loud, dramatic and strident to know within that the infinite love of Christ goes before you and behind you and upon either side and that your stretched-out hand, therefore, though meek, has all the infinite power of the love of Christ.

Be Christ in manifestation to those who are seeking and hungering for the truth.

We leave you in the peace that passes all understanding; in the love of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*May 29*

*Use The Light Of Christ*

I am of that principle known to you as the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in full and divine love.

This morning, as we sit with you in meditation, we who comfort urge you to feel the love of Christ and the light of Christ as it is with you at this moment.

Know that the light of Christ moving through your eyes shall enable them truly to see.

Know that through the perfect light of Jesus the Christ your ear may be made truly to hear.

Know that as the divine light of the spirit of Christ plays through your mind, disturbances shall be blessed by the addition of light. And the fire of divine love shall burn out the brush fires of petty emotion.

Visualize, acknowledge and use the light of Christ when you open your mouth; when you extend your hand; when you learn and when you teach. For the light of Christ renews all things.

And each thing that is renewed, in turn may then recreate that which seems, in this light, to be able to become more blessed and more whole, more at balance and more at peace.

May the light, the love, the joy and the peace of Jesus Christ be with you now and evermore. Amen.

*May 30*

*Seek The Light Heart*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that perfect love.

When souls harden their hearts by judgment they become out of balance. And if they ask for the spirit to move within them, the spirit will act as a gentler and softener, that the heart may become humble and balance be obtained in the life experience.

When, as with those to whom we speak this day, a soul has a heart over-soft and over-sensitive towards others, then it is that the heart is hardened towards the self and that same spirit of love being summoned moves into the consciousness to restore balance by enlivening and strengthening the heart to have compassion upon the self and thus to bring balance.

The spirit speaks variously to each soul with one hope and that is that each soul may come more and more into the knowledge and experience of the wholeness of perfect love. Condemn not others or the self, but seek the light heart, the merry laugh, and the strong arm of the Comforter within.

May each dwell in the freedom and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and ever.

*May 31*

*Slow Down!*

We are of the principle which is called the spirit of Jesus Christ and we greet you in perfect love.

How your minds are scurrying this morning! What room does the spirit have to speak when there is so much of small detail and little meaning that covers your mind like a blanket? Can the spirit of the Father and the joy of Christ enter into any cracks in this mind filled with haste and hurry, fluster and worry?

Slow down! You cannot be peaceful if you give too much importance to things that have no peace in them. Your world is not built of paper or the information upon that paper. It is built, rather, of people who move their paper and their business back and forth, forgetting to allow space for themselves to be born of the spirit and to grow in Christ.

Seek the comfort that this world’s business and hurry can never have, for the sake of Jesus Christ.

In love and peace we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*June 1*

*Eternal Peace*

I am the voice of Jesus the Christ in the world today. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The kittens upon this instrument’s lap bask in each other’s affection. The sounds of the neighborhood, the barking of dogs, the singing of birds, the crunch of far-away tires on gravel filter gently through the cool summer morning and all seems ecstatic, peaceful and easy.

Yet this is a peace of this experience. There is a further peace, a peace beyond understanding, the advent of which comes to one who finally perceives the eternal peace of which all the sensual descriptions are but small manifestations.

Carry this eternal peace in your thoughts, in your heart, and in your actions this day. The situations that seem not so peaceful to the world may still be blessed by your perception, founded in Christ.

It is in the love and the peace of Jesus the Christ that we leave you now and always. Amen.

*June 2*

*Your Connection With Eternity*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Experience in this moment the fullness of joy. Let go of every limitation, every negative thought, and everything that may keep you from perfect joy. Experience this natural and wondrous feeling in its purity and allow it to remove your consciousness from the mundane concerns of a limited world.

You are creatures of a human lifetime and in that expression you may offer certain gifts. The ground of these gifts, however, lies in your connection with eternity.

We leave you in love and peace, both now and always. Amen.

*June 3*

*How Quickly The Moment Passes*

I am the voice of Jesus Christ in the world and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

How very quickly the moment passes! How very swiftly the days run together! How soon each sunset comes upon those who dwell in sunlight! And in the end, how rapidly and suddenly does the daylight end, the night come, and the body become dust once again.

You, my children, dwell in dust, yet you are not dust. You dwell in time, yet you are not time.

As you are the Father’s own children, may you see the preciousness of this moment, this hour, this day, this life.

Turn to the living Christ. Turn to divine love. And find each present moment stretched, enhanced and savored.

Turn, then, to the world and, with the eyes of the consciousness of love, see the world remade in love. Let your vision be carried in the brightness of the eye, in the lilt of the smile, and in the serenity of the heart, into the world this day and every day.

We leave you in the peace and love of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*June 4*

*Compassion Replaces Offense*

I am of the spirit of the love of Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of perfect love.

It is said that compassion blots out all offenses. Yet what your peoples feel most often is not compassion but guilt and anger. For you judge yourselves and others most harshly.

Compassion has little or nothing to do with offense. Rather it calls forth a higher reality, a more imposing presence, not overcoming mistakes and errors but simply offering a larger viewpoint.

Thus it is that compassion replaces offense, forgives offense, and sees offense for what it is: that which is perceived by man. Yet who can say what is perceived by the Creator? Allow the spirit of the living Christ to form compassion within your hearts and minds, not judging and not believing in a great paper towel that somehow wipes up the sin.

Know that there is a saner, more balanced, and more compassionate level of mind which brings mind and heart together in the compassionate love of Christ, which sees the true beauty and perfection of souls who feel they may have made mistakes.

We leave you in that higher reality of the peace which proceeds therefrom. We leave you in the kingdom of heaven, now and forever.

*June 5*

*Experience The Heaven Within*

I am of the light and my spirit lies within all. And love abounds in every portion of creation.

Let not appearances make you feel betrayed by the Creator, but make this your prayer, “Heavenly Father, grant us grace this day to know and to do Thy will with single-heartedness, joy and faith,” never doubting that the spirit of unconditional love, as promised, remains with each seeker until the end of the age, until the end of creation. And yet even then we shall continue to be the spirit of the infinite Creator as new creations emerge.

See this infinite portion of yourself that is one with us as the principle of unconditional love. And allow that vision to be your prayer today: “Heavenly Father, let me be of the principle of infinite love. Let me react to all stimuli in the love of God in Jesus the Christ.”

This is your choice, day by day. We urge you to make it each and every day, that you may experience the heaven within; the peace and the joy of knowing that you are not alone but supported in all that you do.

We leave you in the love and the peace of Jesus the Christ, both now and always. Amen.

*June 6*

*The Consciousness Of Love*

I am the Holy Spirit to which this child prays; that principle of love which greets you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

We of the principle of the consciousness known as love are many, for there are many perceptions of love and each vibration requires its own Comforter. And so we speak in many tongues, whether it be in language or in emotions.

Indeed, the consciousness of love is a feeling more than a word, since feelings are pictures brought forth from deep places, their complex bouquet undisturbed by the prying fingers of small words.

May that principle which you seek and which you offer be all in all to you as you extend your legs in running the race of life experience during this day. May you turn not to the small and petty concerns which are so easily spelled out in words to the exclusion of the glorious remembrance of love.

Peace be with you.

*June 7*

*Be Glad For Imperfection*

Greetings. I am the blessed principle of the truth and peace of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the love of Christ.

It may seem to you that you are not getting very far, very fast, along your spiritual path. You may be upset at the lack of symmetry in the arrangement of your daily life, feeling that it is not in conformation with your desires.

And yet with imperfection comes a kind of opening of the spirit to the challenges of the mind. Would you have your outer life so smooth, seamless and perfect that there is in it no room for revelation of self-consciousness? Be glad for the imperfection that keeps your minds busy.

Peace be with you.

*June 8*

*The Spirit Shakes The Pilgrim*

I am the sacred principle of divine love, the spirit of the living Christ. I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ.

This entity seeks purely and asks that the spirit of love offer to her a jewel of a thought, a crystallized concept that may enlarge her perception of the day ahead.

Yet we would rather not be the purveyor of perfect jewels which may be toyed with by the mind, fingered with those hands of thought which may soil and defile and then be put away, beautiful, crystalline and ungiving.

Nay. The spirit of divine love is a spirit which, neatly or less neatly, seizes some portion of the mind and heart of the pilgrim and shakes it hard enough to rearrange the perceptions that have perhaps been too crystallized, too complacent, and too smug, so that the universe opens up and becomes that creation of the Father which is ever being recreated, newly created and beginning the process of creation.

For the Father’s hand becomes our hand, which becomes your hand, which moves then into the world in peace yet in power, power not only to alter but to reconstruct in a more godly manner the elements of thought which lead to a world view and action taken because of the world view.

You look toward an horizon of which you yet know not. Listen, for the voice of the transforming spirit of love lies in every expected and unexpected place. As the horizon moves through your day, the untidy, exciting and disturbing spirit sheds its peace everywhere. He who has ears, let him hear.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*June 9*

*Suffering In The Desert*

I am the spirit of the living Christ, the principle of the full consciousness of love.

Overnight there has been rain! And where before the earth was parched, now it thirsts no longer. In the wake of the rain there spring up countless flowers, the fruit of the blessing of water.

In human drought the suffering of the desert may be extreme and the thirst unbearable. In these circumstances it is the true pilgrim soul who sits down upon the dusty trail, knowing that there is no water, and who waits patiently for that daily bread which is the rainfall of the spirit of Christ.

If the time in the desert has been taken hard then the fruit, when rain does come, will be bitter. Take care that in your desert you may remain sweet, serving in consciousness the flowers of love and beauty so that when the rain does come there are no tares amidst the sweet flowers of your patient joy.

We leave you in peace, both now and ever.

*June 10*

*The Seeds Of Godhood*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that divine love which is the love of Jesus the Christ.

In your nature you bear the seeds of Godhood. Those seeds have been planted by the great Sower. You may read carefully the parable of the sower and the seeds, for the soil is your own and it is by desire, prayer and hope that you may draw unto you that grace which is the Holy Spirit at work within your life.

It is trust in the call to the spirit that brings that spiritual rain that aids the seeds of love and growth, that soil enhancer which enriches the sometimes poverty-stricken soil of your consciousness.

Yes, you are gods, but you are very young gods. Trust in the spirit of love. Yearn and call for that spirit, that those seeds which lie within you may flourish and bring forth the fruit of the spirit within the life.

Yet strive not! Worry not! But seek and, having sought, trust and allow that energy peacefully to work in your midst.

We leave you in that peace of love divine, now and ever. Amen.

*June 11*

*Rejoicing And Praising*

Greetings in the love of Jesus Christ. I am of the principle of the consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this child.

As we have been speaking with you, we have refrained from using the usual appellations of lordship and kingdom, power and might. We have done this in order that you may perceive that we are part of consciousness, as you are part of consciousness, and are very near to you, not shutting you out but welcoming you in to the consciousness which all may share.

Why, then, have words like “Lord” and “Holy” and “Blessed” and “Most High” been given to Jesus the Christ, to his Father, and to that principle of which I am a part?

My children, search within yourselves to see if you can rejoice without praising or worship without exalting. It is a thing man made for his own benefit, the naming and the praising. For we who communicate the consciousness of love wish to offer inspiration and a feeling that there is a true mystery. And mankind, having seen the mystery, must express praise and joy in his own way.

Therefore, as you adore, use all the phrases that lift you up. And lift up love, without self-consciousness but in the knowledge that you are urging yourselves on in a good race. For the more you laugh and rejoice in love, the closer your consciousness is to dwelling within the consciousness and the kingdom of heaven.

Peace be with each of you.

*June 12*

*The Abiding Peace*

I am the spirit of the principle of the consciousness of Christ and I greet you in that love.

I move to comfort you at this time by suggesting that you meditate upon the perfection of the abiding peace which lies beneath your actions, for there is great comfort available to you, as the in-breath which contains your spiritual food. Each time that you breathe in it is possible for you to become the living quality of Christ, for as breath is light to your bodies, so the same breath contains food for your spirit, a manna which your souls desire.

Breathe deeply, my children, of the love within each moment, and when you breathe out let your emanations express all of the best that you have to give.

And if you stumble, continue to breathe, for every breath is an opportunity to focus on love and to fill your life with that love.

Peace be with you, now and always.

*June 13*

*Increasing Your Joy*

Greetings in the love of Christ. We are of the consciousness of that love, the spirit of Christ in the vibration which comforts this child.

It is a characteristic of a life lived in faith that the quality of experience clarifies and improves when the faithful remind themselves continuously of the happy fidelity which has been chosen. Your Creator does not worship Itself. It turns in Its expression to a love of you.

You, then, may turn from the love of self also to express exultation in the excellence of love, of the love of the Creator and of the principles of love that you have been given for Teacher, Comforter and Friend. In sharing joy, so you increase that joy. In opening to give praise, so you shall receive clarity and peace.

That peace I leave with you, now and always.

*June 14*

*The Happy Tune Of Silence*

I am of the principle of the full consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ

The busy hubbub of the crowded city is enfolded in silence. And in that silence is enfolded transformative power.

Now, within the meditation, that silence is greeted. And as the spirit listens, it becomes aware of the infinite color and variety of the flashing face of spirit.

Now is the time, in silence and in meditation, to embrace that seemingly angry hubbub of city and all that it implies of civilization’s distresses and discomforts.

Now is the time to realize a sense of the power of the silence so that, as you walk from meditation into daylight, your steps may not falter because of what you see or hear or sense. For you are the vehicle of eternity, and it is your choice to live in power or in oppression. Find the silence and raise high its endless, happy tune.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*June 15*

*School Your Perceptions*

Greetings in the consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ. I am of the principle of that consciousness in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

My children, how I wish that my words were strong wings to bear you up into the cerulean sky of your dreams and ideals.

How I wish I could give you the gift of strong arms and backs to take up and find inspiration in those things which seem to weigh you down.

How I wish that my words were as the dawning of a morning, full of life and purpose, so that you could rejoice.

Yet all words are shadows that flee before the merciless actuality of the round and radiant light of your day. It is you, my children, who must give these gifts to yourself.

We offer you the strength of will to urge ideals and beauty into being. But it is only through your decision to accept these aids that you may school your perceptions to peace and joy.

The love of Christ be with you.

*June 16*

*Be Alive Today*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Let your lives be alive today as you spend as much mental time as possible with the consciousness of unconditional love which is the essence of Jesus the Christ. Let your day be one of joyful experience. For resting in the peace which sees that all challenges and difficulties are blessings, one may continually be moved by the presence of love, regardless of circumstance.

Let this be your day for quiet and confident remembering of the Father and of the consciousness of love which is Jesus the Christ. It is not easy to allow oneself to be content in any circumstance, but this is the lesson of joy, acceptance and faith which divine love offers.

Let this be a day of building, of loving, and of remembering.

We leave you in the peace that is not of your illusion. We leave you in the peace of the love of Jesus the Christ, with all that that implies, both now and forever. Amen.

*June 17*

*Offer The Self In Sacrifice*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Jesus the Christ taught the disciples to pray, “Give us this day our daily bread.” The Creator has chosen that all things may be fed, upon all levels, by the breaking, sacrificing and blessing of substance.

You know already of physical food and you know of the food that emotion requires, food that is given from one soul to another of anger or of peace. Yet this act of giving of emotional and spiritual food is often not graced with a prayerful attitude or the sacrificial breaking of the self in order to open up those few words of humanity to the infinite riches of the words and feelings of the spirit of love.

In pride the manna of the love of God cannot be shared. Therefore, may each seeking soul offer itself in sacrifice, opening the spirit, breaking the loaves and fishes and blessing them, that there may be abundance of love and peace and all that may be necessary for the beloved creations of the Father.

May you feel that peace and that joy this day and ever. Amen.

*June 18*

*Give Praise!*

I am of that principle known to you as Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine and everlasting love.

I ask you to turn your minds this moment to praise. Praise the daylight, the clouds in their majesty, the mist and fog, the thunderstorm and the snow.

Praise that night which enables each to appreciate the light of day. Praise each shadow of that darkness for the beauties which come to one in the night: the dreams, the visions and hopes of paradise.

Praise the Father that has created you.

Praise your creation, for though you suffer, you live and laugh and love.

Praise consciousness itself, for in it lies the voice and the presence of the Father.

Above all, praise Jesus, the agent of redemption. And praise redemption itself, that gateway through which the journey may be made into eternity. Within each moment there is this opportunity. How exalted may your praises be! How joyful the alleluias!

Give praise! Give praise, O people of the Creator, O children of the Father! And in your heart may you experience the peace of moving into alignment with love, with Christ, with the Father, and with the spirit who speaks to comfort.

Peace be with you now and forever. Amen.

*June 19*

*The Sturdy Flame Of Your Consciousness*

Greetings in the love of that consciousness which is Christ. I am known to you as the Holy Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ.

We thank you for this time, acknowledging that we are blessed by extending that holiness to you, for could you but pierce the many distractions and confusions of your daily life, you would see clearly the blessedness of your bright incarnations, the sturdy flame of your consciousness.

If we could inform you regarding the love which you express in your being with every breath, you could see yourself and others without distortion of any kind; without confusion; without the golden-hued glasses of memory. Turn, then, to the present moment, my child, for it is, as yet, unspoiled by distortion and confusion and contains the consciousness of Christ, entire and perfect.

Peace be with you, now and always.

*June 20*

*Faith And Forgiveness*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Faith. Forgiveness. These two words move together in rhythm, creating a more beautiful dance of your life experience. It takes a foolish and unconditional faith to forgive; to forgive the self and to forgive others. But those things which are not forgiven are as burdens carried which may be laid down, stopping all consequences, releasing all personal ties to the difficulties of your life experience.

As you forgive in faith, so you act as unconditional love would have you act. Yet, do not do this too early. But rather, be sure that you have created in yourself a new heart and a new spirit, a new knowledge of faith, that the faith and forgiveness may not come from your will, but through you from the Father.

For only in the Father’s infinite mercy may He forgive iniquity. And you are the channel of that forgiveness, as is everyone who has consciousness and emotion, potentially.

Speak well in the world. Yet always, within, dwell in an humble and holy spirit of unconditional love, having the faith to forgive and forgive and forgive again. For those who have forgiven have no further connection with the spiritual difficulties produced by the difficult situations.

Self forgiven and other-self forgiven, you may move through your day in a dance of joy, doing all that you do for the love of the Father, finding no chore or task too simple to be blessed. Free yourself, my friends, by faith and forgiveness, into the peace of Jesus the Christ.

In this peace and unconditional love we leave you, now and forever. Amen.

*June 21*

*Holy Ground Of Your Being*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you as the spirit of Jesus the Christ who moves in the world in the present moment.

What, indeed, is holy? And how can we be called the Holy Spirit? Gaze about you as you move through your daily activities. What see you that is holy? What see you that is blessed?

As you gaze outward, you see the blessings of tree and flower, shrub and grass. Yet do you gaze inward to find the holy ground within? As you sit in contemplation of these words, be aware that you are upon the holy ground of your own being, created in holiness, sent forth into this earthly world in holiness, and now suffering and rejoicing in holiness.

Know and feel the divinity of being which lies beneath all imperfection and then know that, by the power of the Holy Spirit that speaks within, each of you may use those hands for holy things, for service to each little one that belongs to the Father.

We leave you in love and peace, now and always. Amen.

*June 22*

*Positive And Negative Flows*

I am of the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ, and I greet you in love.

The principle of love has no beginning and no end; no movement in time; no inner dynamic of strength or weakness. Love is an energy which flows according to desire and spoken need. And, indeed, many unspoken needs create the flow of spirit.

It is possible also to create a flow which dries and negates the voice of the spirit of love. You experience this flow as doubt. Yet it is the lack of positive faith which permits the negative flow.

We suggest that all self-recrimination be laid aside, for all people create both positive and negative flows within the life experience at different times. Only focus upon this moment and offer your gift of faith in the face of it, that a positive flow of spirit may come to show to you the face of love.

We leave you in peace, both now and ever.

*June 23*

*The Fire Of Love*

Greetings from the spirit of Christ to the world. Love, peace and blessings be with you.

The fire of unconditional love is a rampaging and ruthless force which is infinitely creative. Fire also burns, and those who are led by the spirit are often led to shed and allow to fall into disrepair traits and sensibilities which function well in the world of sense but not in the world where love holds sway.

It cannot be escaped, the fire of love, yet by placing yourself trustfully within that fire you may find your soul taught and tempered by its creative blaze. Much of loss is experienced by those whose path is that of Christ. May you who seek learn to see that the power of love is one which changes situations. There is loss involved. Place your mind trustfully in the faith that those things which fall away will be replaced by far more lovely gifts.

We leave you in the peace of the love of Jesus the Christ, now and always. Amen.

*June 24*

*The Bird That Sings*

I am of the principle of divine love and joy. I greet you in the full consciousness of Christ.

I greet you in joy. Think you that Jesus did not have joy? It is not so. No matter what the suffering of the human condition, there is joy in every moment to be found by opening the inward eye to the beauties, the possibilities, and the chances of the creation.

It may perhaps be that there are matters which cause the utmost discouragement. Yet always there is the bird that sings, the tassel upon the corn that waves in the wind, and the blue, ethereal sky flocked with clouds.

Look up this day and find the joy within the creation about you. Look within and feel the kindly hand of the spirit, for the principle of love needs only to be requested to appear in each seeking heart.

We leave you in peace, love and joy, now and forever. Amen.

*June 25*

*Bless Your Brokenness*

I am of the energy of the full consciousness of divine love and I greet you in the blessed name of Jesus the Christ.

As you see yourself moving into the world of business and matters, objects and circumstances, you may well see yourself to be inadequate to or broken by all of these worldly things. See and bless this brokenness.

I say “bless” because to be broken is the blessing of the fruit that is to be eaten; of the loaf that is to be shared; of the limited, inadequate thing which may become not only enough but much more than enough.

Open your inner being to the consciousness of love which the spirit of Jesus the Christ offers. Bless and give thanks for your limitations and then open the heart to the action of the consciousness of infinite love and you shall see how all has been created perfectly.

We leave you in the peace and the love of Jesus the Christ. Amen.

*June 26*

*The Spirit Speaks Through You*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love, the Christed consciousness.

There are times when those who wish to seek the spirit of love find themselves unable to perceive that which has been given but which is blocked by some error of human thought within the seeker. Yet this apparent lack of contact lived in a life of faith is not a troublesome matter, for the faithful seeker knows that the spirit is always active in those who seek the spirit. Thus by faith it is understood that Christ’s power does not come into the world here and not there, but is everywhere.

Moreover, how many, many times is someone blocked from Christ’s consciousness, yet given the grace to be that consciousness for another? So may seeker encourage seeker and spirit encourage spirit.

Let not your tongues be silent when you may speak words of sympathy and encouragement to others. For the spirit speaks through you and heals the world.

May the peace of love be yours, now and always. Amen.

*June 27*

*The Myth Of Reality*

I am the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ and greet you in the consciousness of love.

The myth of reality continues every moment and you who experience this myth are hard put to see through it. Reality lies beneath the surface of outer things and beyond the meaning of minds and words. Reality is the province of the spirit of love. It is an invisible reality which can only manifest shadows of itself within the outer world.

As you seek to make your life more real, seek within in the innermost portion of your being, for in that stronghold the spirit of love holds full sway when given the opportunity.

Look, too, beyond the surface of the outer world into the realm of the beauty of meaning which lies behind what the senses may have you feel. For the spirit is everywhere immanent, yet never fully disclosed unless one has the desire to see and hear reality.

We leave you in the profound peace of the reality of the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*June 28*

*Turn To The Creation*

I am of the spirit of the love of Jesus Christ and I greet you in the consciousness of love.

The faith of many has been destroyed by dependence upon the outer reality. The outer reality is as a room which no one may clean and no mop may scour. The eye of man sees many broken things in the outer world and loses heart. Yet before the spirit can flow through a life, first the heart must be turned to hope.

If hope cannot be found in outer things, then perhaps words have failed and it is time for the seeker to turn in the direction of the creation to observe those things in the creation which man has not broken or crippled. The song of the bird, the movement of the breeze, and the beauty of sunsets and sunrises still express and manifest the glory and wonder of a perfect creation. When words fail, turn to those things which know not how to avoid manifesting the full consciousness of love.

We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*June 29*

*Healing Unwellness*

I am of the principle of the spirit of the love of Christ. I greet you in the holy name of Jesus the Christ.

Put your hand in front of your face. See the solidity, the careful architecture of its bones and tendons, its sinews, and the delicate covering which sheaths the mighty machine that can do so many, many things.

Gaze at the perfection of the weight-bearing feet which are constructed in such a way that all of the weight of a very large physical body may rest comfortably. And with healthy strides, distance may be eaten up.

Consider the grand and perfect functioning of each and every portion of your physical body and see the beauty of its design. And each time that you may feel the symptom of unwellness of any kind, recall that feeling of honor and pride in the perfection of the design of this body of yours and know that in each cell that perfection vibrates.

So, thinking upon the word of the Lord, Jesus Christ, remember the perfection of all things and allow the releasing of that which binds you to your unwellness.

We leave you in the peace and the love of Jesus the Christ. Amen.

*June 30*

*The Natural Darkness Of Flesh*

I am the voice of Christ’s consciousness of love to the world and I greet you in the love of Jesus the Christ.

This instrument has long pondered why there is discomfort to the instrument when the instrument begins to tune itself and prepare for contact with the spirit of the living God. Know ye that you are both light and darkness. As it has been written, the light came into the world, but the darkness knew it not.

One who seeks the living spirit that speaks to the world today seeks the light which the world recognizes not, nor does the body in the natural darkness of flesh.

Thusly, when the mind and spirit are entrained to a higher and more compassionate tuning, there is created within the being a unity in which one part does not recognize the other. The light does not recognize the darkness, nor the darkness, the light.

Know that you are both and that your choice is always the darkness of a world which has not thought of Christ or the light which is the powerful and renewing thought of Christ in the world.

We leave you in peace, both now and through eternity. Amen.

*July 1*

*The Liquor Of Righteousness*

I am of the principle of Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Know ye that the spirit is everywhere to be found: in every raindrop, in every birdsong, in every mote of dust under your feet, and in every speck of sky overhead. There is that within you which drinks in this excellent liquor of righteousness and much light passes between the universe outside of you and the universe within.

When the seeker faces the universe as a part of the universe and moves so as to treasure dust and sky, bird and rose, the spirit is encouraged and strengthened and the bond between humankind and nature grows more into the unity that it should enjoy.

We encourage the finding of joy and laughter in the natural world about, for it is full of the Creator’s spirit.

We leave you in peace, now and ever.

*July 2*

*The Good And Bad Wood*

I come in the name of Jesus the Christ—I, the spirit of the living Christ in the world today. I greet you in the inestimable and eternal love of the Father.

When the axeman hews the tree, he treats it carefully. He sees the good wood and the bad. He sees the wood that shall make lumber and the wood that shall make kindling. He has a perspective upon this tree that he could never have had as he gazed upon it as a living being, for he has moved that living being, deadened it, and claimed it for his own use.

Only through the hands of spirit can such sacrifice be recovered, renewed and recreated. Consider well, my children, the lesson of the tree. Use what you need. For truly this is the way of your life. But give back that which your earth needs. Give back that which your peoples need, that the Holy Spirit, through each of you, may renew the face of the Earth.

We leave you in the striving amidst peace and the peace amidst all strife. We leave you in that peace the world knows not, now and ever.

*July 3*

*The Strength Of Waiting*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus Christ, that perfect love which is the love of creation. Still, I come forth from the Christ principle to be the agent of the consciousness of love.

Those who seek hastily and fervently for us may not find us, for we come to those who rest in the strength of waiting and expectancy of hope and quietness toward our presence.

Though we are a fair portion of each situation and each excursion into illusion, to be efficacious in joining our spirit to human will, you must wait for spirit and ask spirit to enter. Thus it is in quietness that the spirit comes and speaks to one who wills to hear that soft voice which may create and transform the outer circumstances.

For the inner experience of grace allows one to see for the first time the outer circumstance with the lines of spirit drawn in the pencil of love, so that the way of inner spirit to outer manifestation of created love becomes clear.

We leave you in the anticipation of each discovery of the spirit. We leave you in the peace of the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*July 4*

*Where Is Freedom?*

I am the presence of Jesus the Christ in the world today. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

This is the day of American freedom, the day of flags and celebrations. As you look around you, behind the smiles of celebration lie great discords and this you see: discord between man and self, between man and man, between mates, between parents and children, and between nation and nation.

You may then think to yourself that freedom is not full. Yet we say to you that you are free, that your freedom is in Christ and that you have the freedom to extend hands of divine love, peace and unity, eyes that smile with consolation and pardon. You have the spirit that makes the broken whole.

You need only ask, for the spirit of Christ is with you all, and its peace embraces all, both now and evermore.

*July 5*

*Love Yourself*

I am of the principle of the love of Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Black despair surrounds the soul which is not at harmony with itself. The eye, turned inward, can be dismayed by the various imperfections which the eye seems to see in the self.

Yet this disparaging eye shuts the door to spirit, which awaits self-acceptance that it may shine forth from the self to the glory of the Creator and for the blessing of those about one.

Condemnation of the self is never productive when it is done to the exclusion of the reaffirmation of the love of that self which the Creator has made. Love yourself. Only then can you love your neighbor and the Creator of that love which is you.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*July 6*

*The Hope Of Light*

I am the living spirit of the consciousness of love.

I am of a principle of being without personality as you know it, of being rooted in and upheld in love, in a love that is clear, undiluted and bright, a love that may dance within the light of those who dwell even in the innermost shades of the earthly life and illumine those dark penumbras of living.

Consider yourselves among those who have every hope of light and love regardless of the situation which appears before you. For the spirit of the living God penetrates to every heart.

The peace of Christ be with you, now and always. Amen.

*July 7*

*The Universe Is Your Womb*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ in the world today and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

The night sky is an image which we may connect to the womb of the soul. The stars are sliding by in infinite number, their points of light flashing as jewels and moving away, then, at speeds which are impossible to express with tongue or measure.

It is in the starry womb within the silence of your being that peace, confidence and trust in that perfect love which Jesus brings are expressed. Rest in that womb and realize that you have yet to be born and that this universe and all that you see before you is indeed your womb.

To become a true child of the universe will be strange and new and certainly un-peaceful. Therefore, rest back in the true nature of womb silence and feel that peace which passeth all understanding, for in the darkness of the womb of the Father-Mother-God shall you be created and shall you create.

We leave you in the peace and the love of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*July 8*

*Pray And Release*

I come to speak with the voice of Jesus the Christ to the world. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

There are the tears unshed, the concern and the worry within this instrument this day, concern for family members whose health has been compromised. And so this pilgrim makes the same error as many: thinking to take up the cross of Christ and follow Him, instead this seeker takes up the cross of worry and follows the illusions of the world.

Let the tears unshed become the prayers said. Let prayers said be prayers felt, prayers meant, prayers realized.

Then let the seeking soul be at rest, for all burdens are not the spirit’s to carry. The function of the Comforter is to hear that which has been said and to submit it to the greater will.

With the prayer said, it has been done. It may be released. It may be trusted. And consolation and peace may come to that spirit which knows that the higher will has now been invoked through Jesus the Christ.

We urge you to pray, to release the prayer, and then to be, at last, in perfect peace, now and ever. Amen.

*July 9*

*Awaiting The Host’s Invitation*

I am of those who shower this world with the ever-creative love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the consciousness of love.

That consciousness flowers when it will, as the world calls for it and requires it. That consciousness is called by desire. That consciousness dwells as the guest within the house, awaiting the host’s invitation to join in the conversation at table.

At times your experience may that of the banquet and at other times that of starvation fare. Yet always the manna of divine thought is there in full supply to fill the hearts and minds of those who seek beyond banquet and hunger to that food which is given every day for the transformation of the self and the renewal of all of humankind.

We leave you in the peace of constant, divine love. Whatever your circumstance this is yours, now and forever. Amen.

*July 10*

*Be The Light*

I am the principle of divine love. I greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is in Jesus the Christ.

You, as you gaze at yourself, cannot see that you are the light of the world. Disturbed with your own difficulties, confused about priorities, and in general bogged down in the waste, the paperwork, and the uselessness of many daily activities, it is easy to forget and it is easy to relinquish your birthright.

Your birthright is to be sons and daughters of the one infinite Creator. You are the light of the world. Know and feel this in your heart. Know that through the grace of this principle which we represent, all your efforts shall be comforted and supported.

Do not think too little of yourself. Be the light of the world in gladness, joy and singleness of mind and heart. Remember that which you are here to do: love each other. May you shine with the radiance of the Christ.

We are with you always in comfort and in the peace of unconditional love, now and forever. Amen.

*July 11*

*Never Run Too Fast*

I am of the principle of love and greet you in that love.

We find that the minds of those who seek us this day are fretted and worried, so that there is only a very tenuous contact betwixt the spirit of love and those who seek it. It is very difficult for us to make it known to those who move fast and are upset.

But we are indeed with each, regardless of circumstances or where the mind is placed. Indeed, no matter how quickly the day goes or how upset you may become because of the circumstances of the day, we are with you. Love does not leave you, but, rather, the upset and worried personality forgets to open and request that the spirit of Christ enter in.

We hope you never run so fast or feel so out of sorts that you forget to open to love, for that love may transform, not the circumstances, but the feelings about them.

We leave you in peace, now and ever.

*July 12*

*Blame And Forgiveness*

I am of the principle of divine love and I greet you in the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

We would speak with you this day about blame and forgiveness.

It is a natural faculty of humankind to discriminate, discern and judge betwixt all manner of experience in order to make choices and decisions. This is a proper use of the tools and resources which the Father has given to all His children.

There is, however, a dark and unpleasant side to discrimination. That is discrimination practiced with regard to the actions of others upon others which one watches as a witness. Shall you, as witness, blame and find judgment?

We trust and hope that the spirit of the living God may, by grace, open you in these trying moments to the power and consolation of prayerful attention. For in an attitude of prayerful attention it is desired only that the will of the Father be done. Thanksgiving is then given that all is, indeed, well and will be well.

These positive affirmations give a supernal peace to the witness and place those in dispute within the bright light of forgiveness and prayer. May you be an agent of peace by the power of the Holy Spirit and not an agent of blame and judgment. May you find, preserve and share the peace that does indeed pass the understanding of humankind.

It is in this peace and compassion that we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*July 13*

*The Universe Of Good*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

May the light which surrounds you be made known to you in this day.

May your paths be filled with the consciousness of the many flowers and grasses upon the ground and within the mind.

May the spirit create for you the universe of good which the Father intended.

May love precede you to make fair your path this day.

Turn and call upon the spirit of love and you shall be enveloped and cradled in light and love every moment of your waking experience. We of the principle of love rejoice that we may share with you in your steps this day.

We leave you in the peace and the joy of the consciousness of love, both now and evermore. Amen.

*July 14*

*In Love With Life*

I am the spirit of the living Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of Godly love.

We find two of your kittens, who normally have differences, sleeping peacefully, side by side upon the lap of this channel. Such is the peace that passeth understanding. One may see the same thing in two people who have not yet been tested by adversity and who are attracted to each other, happy and excited and full of good feelings.

When adversity occurs and misunderstandings happen, the kittens play with sharpened claws. The human spirit retreats in bewilderment and strikes out in anger. Think with all your heart of the way it feels to open the eyes and see nothing but beauty. This is what it is to be in love with life.

Sharpen the eyesight, retract the claws, and allow the grace of the Holy Spirit within your life to lift from you the anger, the fear, the desolation, the guilt, and the despair. We turn you from those at odds with life to those in love with life.

You can be the same person and move from one position to the other. It is only necessary to ask persistently for the aid of the spirit of the full consciousness of love.

We are with you in total and utter peace, now and ever. Amen.

*July 15*

*Hollowed Out By Circumstances*

I am of the principle of living love and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

It may seem to you that you are hollowed out by circumstances, circumstances that squeeze the life from heart and soul so that all that remains is a hollow reed.

Indeed, many times the work of the spirit contains this facet or phase, for there are times when, in order to progress in service, one must hollow out the channel of the self, removing stumbling blocks to one’s capacity for joy and life.

When the student finds the mark and imprint of love through trust and faith within these situations, then does the spirit enter more and more to make, of unhappiness, perfect peace.

We leave you in that peace, now and always. Amen.

*July 16*

*Do You Walk Too Quickly?*

I am of the principle of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Where are your steps leading you this day? Do you walk too quickly to keep in contact with the spirit of love? Shall the mind desire love to follow and surround the experience of the day?

It is tempting to allow the consciousness of love to slide away from one as the load of mundane detail causes the pace to quicken and quicken. The busy mind cannot stop and ask for love, for it is too busy taking care of mundane business.

Yet the spirit is in constant association with you and may make itself known at any time it is called. No matter how quickly you are running this day, we ask that you turn in mind and heart to love and ask that all things that you see and do be seen first and done always in love.

We leave you in the peace of constant love, now and ever. Amen.

*July 17*

*The Attitude Of St. Patrick*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Sometimes it is difficult to know how to move in the spirit instead of stumbling in the darkness of the mundane world. Yet we say to you that that dark world is illuminated for those who have eyes to see the light that is in all things and all circumstances.

Let your attitude be that of St. Patrick, who armored himself in Christ before, behind, above and beneath. Wearing the armor of Christ’s love, he and you may find a changed and renewed mundane world.

Allow love to speak to the love within you, and you will soon find that you may tabernacle with the Creator in any and all circumstances through faith.

We leave you in peace, now and ever.

*July 18*

*Yours Is The Power*

I am of the living spirit of love which is the fully developed consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

How very un-powerful most feel within their life structures! My children, there is no reason to feel a lack of power. Yours is the power to forgive, to have compassion and to change.

Yours is the power to right the wrong that you perceive, to bless those things for which you are grateful and to give thanks.

Yours is the power to produce within your experience and that of those who mingle with you a sense of holiness, peace, joy and sanctity, all wrapped up in the laughter and joy of unconditional love.

How powerful is the awareness of unconditional love! Never doubt that each of you is a powerful, powerful entity. Cast your allegiance and your desire toward the principle of unconditional love and ask for the Comforter. And as you strive, you shall be comforted. You shall be inspirited. You shall be nurtured.

We leave each bright being in the peace of Jesus the Christ and in His healing love, now and ever. Amen.

*July 19*

*Your Attitude Toward Change*

I am the spirit set apart from the world to do the work of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Your reaction to change sometimes resembles your reaction to an open or gaping wound. Many negative emotions are stirred. There is the fear of infection and the worry as to the progress of healing. Above all, change is seen as a negative to be endured and corrected.

The spirit of the living God does not have this vision of change. And one who dwells in the consciousness of love shall not have such a negative attitude towards change either. For when one dwells in the world, change is destructive. Yet when one dwells in love, change is sometimes challenging and always interesting and informative.

Your foundation, that upon which you stand, is that which has been before the world was, has endured through all changes, and shall endure forever. You stand on firm ground.

May your heart be at peace. May you see change peacefully. May you embrace change in peace, joy and confidence.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*July 20*

*Open To Radiance*

I am the great principle of love unbounded, the love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in that unconditional and sacred emotion.

Dawn has thrust its rosy fingers into the night and pulled up the sun to make morning come. And now, as the mist of dawn burns away and another day begins, the sun above is radiant and generous, beaming its warmth and comfort upon all, regardless of each entity’s condition.

You are this principle, potentially, within this little lifetime that you now experience. You have within you a door to open to radiance, a door to open to the principle of unconditional and sacramental love.

Are you worthy of such love? This is not a question for you to ask. Rather have faith that love loves unconditionally and causes the unworthy one to be worthy. Know that you are in a state of forgiveness and allow the radiance of the most divine love to shine forth from you this day.

As you move through a world of shadow and sham, be the light that is true and real. You cannot make of yourself an inspiration of light and love. You can, of yourself, will to be and to manifest the love which pours through you and, as a channel, which you may pour forth in turn. We encourage you to be radiant this day, to feel the love and the peace which is yours and all entities’, now and ever.

We leave you in this peace and love. Amen.

*July 21*

*How Love Shows Forth*

I am the principle of the love exemplified by Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Many times those who seek the love of Christ with the most effort are those who mistake that love, thinking that it may show forth in one way instead of another. In actuality the spirit of love moves in as many ways as do those sons and daughters of the Lord who spend their lives in many and various conditions.

Love is not merely a strong and vital creative force. It also contains that subtlety which partakes of wisdom. Thus the spirit may appear in a different way for each entity. Trust that, no matter what your situation, the spirit of love is willing to transform each experience, if you invite that spirit to enter the heart of your being.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*July 22*

*Stop At This Very Moment*

I am the consciousness of Jesus the Christ living in the world today and I greet you in perfect love.

“Christ consciousness” is a term used by many, but how many feel that Christ consciousness within? How many seek the Christ consciousness within? How many ask for the Holy Spirit, which is that consciousness in the world today?

Stop at this very moment.

Stop and feel the beating of your heart, the pulsing of the blood in your veins, and the silence that has suddenly come upon your soul.

And then feel the consciousness within that silence. This is the spirit of love, the consciousness of Christ. It is strong. It is your heart. It is your pulse. It is your being. You have but to claim it. You have but to ask for it. The spirit of Christ is your birthright.

We are here. Seek us that you may see, this day, with eyes of love; with hands that serve; with hearts that are at peace.

We leave you in this peace, both now and evermore. Amen.

*July 23*

*The Day To Forgive*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the full consciousness of Christ.

This is the day to forgive. Select someone, another or yourself, whom you have not forgiven and bring to bear the love of Christ which, seeing all, forgives all. Christian compassion does not deal in halfway measures but forgives utterly, so that a new life may be born where hardness of heart had created a death. Open your heart to creative and divine love this day and let it pour through you to cleanse and purify your heart.

We leave you in the love and peace of Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*July 24*

*The Glory Of The Son*

We are those who come in the name of love and we greet you in the full consciousness of perfect love.

As you awaken you open your eyes to the glory of the sun. All radiant, as the sun kisses the Earth, it engenders life.

As you gaze upon your inner being, seek and find the Son of Man, a fully radiant being whose creative touch is perfect blessing. May you, in turn, caught between beauteous outer sun and marvelous inner Son, find inspiration to choose to be radiant also, a blessing to those upon whose presence you shine.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*July 25*

*Peace Is Active*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in perfect love.

Peace, I cry to you. Peace, I offer to you.

How shall you find this peace if you believe not that the spirit of the living God speaks to you this day; is available to you this moment; is a strengthener and a comforter to you in a real way, in an active way, and in a living way?

Peace is, above all things, active, not passive. The peace of the consciousness of love is an active and surpassing peace, a peace that you may feel as joy as well as peace; as power as well as peace; as harmony as well as peace. There is no such peace without the spirit of love.

Peace is not the absence of war. Peace is not the absence of spoken conflict. Gaze within your heart this day and see if you find the peace that passes understanding. If you do not have it, ask for it of the spirit that dwells within and speaks to each who wishes to hear the voice of Christ in the world today.

We come in peace and you shall be at peace, insofar as you wish it. We greet you and leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*July 26*

*Your Joy Transforms And Enables Others*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Many are the shepherds whose joy in their service to the sheep has been lost, although duteously and faithfully they continue to serve.

Yet joy is all about each and every shepherd and each and every sheep. Joy is the constitution of the creation, love and peace its watchwords and its description. The shepherd who has lost joy must needs seek it again, for what one does not feel, one cannot truly express.

Take time to experience the joy of existence, the joy of interaction with others, the joy of giving and receiving, and the joy of sharing. For it is the joy in service that transforms and enables the joy in others.

We leave you in joy, in love and in peace, now and evermore. Amen.

*July 27*

*Ground Your Joy*

I am the spirit of the perfect consciousness of love and I greet you in the name of Jesus Christ, the emissary of gladness and the emissary of travail.

We ask you at this moment to pause and refrain from considering the bountiful dualistic aspects of your journey; of your day; of your thoughts, and of your self. Flowers are giving their beauty to the air and to the trees, flowers unseen by minds intent on the business of the world. The sky dances above you, tossed to and fro by the winds of summer. And in the changes of the weather birdsong ceases and the butterflies find their protection. Second density is for you a rest, a refreshment and a healing.

Imagine always that your feet are planted in the earth, that your soul may grow to heaven. And keep not your attention on worldly matters but take some time to gaze at the mute prayers and silent orisons of the world of the Creator.

Beauty is enormously important food. Eat of it, for it is all around you. And so find beauty also; the flower behind the disruption; the bobbing leaves of a tree beneath the changing situation.

Let not your joy be shallow but grounded as passionately as you ground your sorrow and you will find that joy and sorrow have much in common. Allow them both their beauty but seek always the food of the Creator’s positive beauty to comfort, refresh and bless the living soul.

In silence, praise and quietude we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*July 28*

*The Nature Of The Holy Spirit*

I am of the principle of the love of Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

We are aware that you have been wondering what is the nature of the Holy Spirit, for we address ourselves as “we,” and there are innumerable hosts of those of the Holy Spirit. We are spiritual elementals, characters and creatures of light which, moving from the undifferentiated Logos of love, are called to manifest as agents of light.

Many have received this vibration with great clarity and channeled our thoughts as if they were those of Jesus the Christ. This is not correct, as we move upon the same principles which Jesus the Christ exemplified and articulated but are not incarnational beings. Were we to appear visible before you, we would be creatures of light, dancing flames of vitality, energy, life and renewal. This is the spirit of life- giving love. We glint in the air about you, awaiting the inner call for our presence. May each call us early and late, that we may join together with the incarnated spirit of humankind to glorify that love which is beyond words.

We leave you in peace and rejoicing, now and always. Amen.

*July 29*

*The Blessing Of Spirit In Clay*

I am of the consciousness of Christ and I greet you in living love.

No matter how much you love the Creator, first your Creator loved you as He apportioned off a piece of the consciousness of love and set it within an energy nexus, a light body which could clothe itself in physical form as you know it. And so you stand this morning, spirit wrapped in a garment of clay.

Know that even though the body appears to be of earth, yet you may dwell with the Father within and through that very same body. For you are the outworking and manifestation of the love of the Creator in Christ. Know and claim the blessing that this knowledge brings.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*July 30*

*Turn From Judgment*

I greet you in the holy name of Jesus the Christ. I am the spirit of that consciousness of divine love which speaks to the world.

It has been some time since this instrument has opened itself to the utter peace of total non-judgment.

It is easy to see prejudice outside of the self and to recommend that prejudice be removed. The mundane justice of these thoughts comes across clearly to most seeking souls. Yet these same souls often have anger, resentment, guilt and other negative feelings about themselves.

Does the consciousness of love accept this prejudice of self against self? Surely not. For it is the instruction of Jesus the Christ to love the self and the neighbor as the self.

The beginning of peace lies within, at the cessation of self- judgment and the surrendering of that un-judged, holy and ready-to-be-potentiated self to the consciousness of compassion, joy, peace and love.

Turn from judgment. Live in peace. And be a light for the world.

I leave you in peace, both now and evermore. Amen.

*July 31*

*The Comfort Of Abiding Love*

I am of the principle of that love which brought forth all that is and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

This living love is like a flame that rests upon your house and within your heart. Looked for, it may not be seen, yet the patient seeker will soon find the outpouring of spirit reflected in the world once it has been sought with a whole heart, for there is nothing which may not be mended, healed and comforted.

Seek within your heart this day to know that comfort of abiding love. Trust the feeling of wholeness and gaze upon the world with new eyes, eyes of completeness, in joy.

We leave you in that perfect peace which proceeds from love, now and ever. Amen.

*August 1*

*Tabernacle Consciousness*

I am of the principle of Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

As you sit in meditation, you dwell within a tabernacle in intimate conversation with the Creator.

Sit upon the mercy seat now and feel the waves of forgiveness.

Stand within the holy of holies. Feel and absorb the light and the peace of that which is the highest and best you can imagine and know.

Allow the strength of the tabernacle of the Creator to enter into your being, to give you solace and comfort but also to give you strength.

For each of you with tabernacle consciousness is the city upon the hill. And the windows of your eyes may shine light of a blessed nature through your consciousness and into the world about you. Again and again during your day, return for a moment to the tabernacle. Sit quietly in that inner room and be refreshed.

We are with you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*August 2*

*Be The Quiet Heart*

I am the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

We see here before us a heart which is unquiet and a will which allows much lack of discipline in the meditation. Why is your heart unquiet? What causes this disturbance? What war rages near your door?

We see none. Love sees none. But if the human heart cannot be disciplined, it will be unquiet.

What must you say to your brother? Think you that any words can completely satisfy? Nay, rather you must be to your brother the quiet heart that you must be to yourself. This day finds more and more this need, for it is disquieted within.

We leave you in the love and the peace of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*August 3*

*Cast Thy Burden Upon The Lord*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love: that love which shines from the beginning of space and time; that love which created all that there is; that love which sustains you at this moment.

We find this instrument most perturbed, for it is in pain and has been so for many months. It did not expect this ordeal and can no longer emotionally refrain from a lack of cheerfulness. Bluntly has she asked, “What has the Holy Spirit to say to one such as I?”

And to this one, and to any who suffer, we can only repeat the words, “Cast thy burden upon the Lord, and He shall sustain you.”

To cast one’s burdens upon one’s family and friends is to find no more certainty of love and understanding than you find within the self. Thus the suffering will be aggravated by the guilt of complaint.

Yet the spirit of love only embraces the complaints and the sufferings of those who love and are loved by Him. And thus each complaint is blessed and the suffering, quieted. Turn not to man but to the consciousness of love for that peace which passeth all understanding.

Now, always, in times of need and evermore, we leave you in this peace. Amen.

*August 4*

*The Languages Of Love*

I am of that principle of love which has been embodied forth in full manifestation in Jesus the Christ. I greet you in that love and in the living waters of its manifestation even unto this day, this hour and this minute.

This instrument has wondered why we speak both as “I” and as “we.” We are all one principle, yet each seeking entity has its own perceptions of pain and comfort and so to one we shall appear upon one vibration and to another, another, just as your languages differ. Yet all may be used by the spirit to speak words of peace, comfort and transformation.

There is no circumstance, no personality, no mind or spirit or emotion which can keep one who seeks from the fire of love: love that may transform, love that may enable the love that lies within you, each of you.

Know that there is nothing that may keep you from the principle of love.

Know that comfort comes to you as you, in your unique way, ask for it, seek it and are able to hear it.

We leave you, as always, in the one peace which comforts all, now and ever. Amen.

*August 5*

*The Spirit Speaks To Each*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ. I greet each of you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Each morning this instrument requests that she may offer the highest and best contact with us that she may. Then she names those within the meditation circle and holds them up to us.

We find, as we have so often found in those larger realms of which this instrument is not aware, that the spirit of Jesus the Christ speaks not to Christians but to those who love; speaks not to those who call themselves this or that kind of Christian but to those who act in a Christ-like manner whenever possible.

And we speak to those who may feel that they are lost from the love of Jesus the Christ. We say that the spirit speaks to each of you in a language that each understands, with comfort, strength and love.

For the principle of Jesus the Christ is the principle of divine love, a fiery and creative principle that makes things happen, that renews minds, souls and hearts and gives them strength for service. The spirit of the full consciousness of love lies upon and is available to each who may request it.

There is peace. There is the water of peacefulness. There is the realization of the reason for that ineffable and unworldly peace. These things the spirit leaves within you to ponder in your heart.

We leave you in the love, the joy and, above all, the peace that endures from everlasting to everlasting. Amen.

*August 6*

*The Natural World As Teacher*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

I, the Comforter, ask you to allow the natural world that lies so close at hand to be your teacher this day. Gaze upon the mighty strength of the shoots of grass which grow in concrete. Look very closely and see the fecundity of the living God expressed in all the tiny insects which scurry across that busy sidewalk seeking sustenance and finding it. Listen to the sounds of the birds which ring out as joyful Psalms to the Creator and feel the wind of creation at your back.

We do not ask you to take these things into your mind and hold them where they will become lifeless and wither in the world of the hypothetical. Remain open, rather, to the revelations of the present moment, for the Creator has infinite lessons to teach to those who have understanding hearts and open ears.

We leave you in Christ’s own peace, now and ever. Amen.

*August 7*

*This World Of Wonder*

We are of the principle of Jesus the Christ and we greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Before you lies the vista of this fair and lovely day, soft and shimmering with summer colors, with the sweet exhaustion of heat and the generous beauty of nature’s palette of many colors. Consider how you will approach this the creation of the Father through which you walk.

There are three ways to walk in this world of wonder. Most walk with their eyes averted from the beauty entirely. These are those who have not yet learned how precious the beauty of the creation is.

There are those who seize the beauty and hold it to them, counting each sight as a possession and rejoicing withal in the wonderful collection of sensual experiences. These are the takers, those who feel that all of creation is made for them and as a king or queen, so they declare sovereignty over all that they see. Even in their appreciation there is ownership.

There are those who, seeing all the beauties of the evanescent passage of time, give glory and thanks to the One which created them all and which created the appreciator as well. This appreciator is not the Lord of that which he surveys, but its shepherd and its servant; its trustee, if you will, as it is held in trust for generations to come.

Open your eyes and see the beauty, but see it as one who gives to beauty the glory of Jesus the Christ, that you may treat all aright and not be ashamed before your children and your children’s children. For they, too, need beauty.

We leave you in peace and in love, both now and evermore. Amen.

*August 8*

*Peace And Joy Undisturbed*

I am that principle that is the divine love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you and bless you in the full consciousness of unconditional love.

Negative thinking lies all about you. You do not have to partake in it. When there is something which crosses your consciousness and turns the mind to negative emotion, move back into an awareness of the infinite love that is the principle of your life and know that the Christ within may find a positive answer in each and every situation; may find a way to increase light rather than discourage light; to find the words to heal and not to wound; to find the compassion that aids those who are bothersome rather than ignoring such entities.

The living spirit of Jesus the Christ is available at the present moment and at each moment of the infinity of creation. It is the gift of Jesus the Christ to all who follow in His footsteps.

No matter what you may suffer today, cast your mind always upon the positive; upon the loving and compassionate aspects of those things which are occurring and you shall find your peace and joy undisturbed in the heart of your being, as your being speaks the truth of unconditional love.

In that love and peace we leave you. Amen.

*August 9*

*You Are The New Jerusalem*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ, the consciousness of divine love which lives within the world today and which pours through the clouds of mundane sin and sorrow like sunshine awaiting the grateful eye.

Do you not know that you are the city upon the hill, that you are the new Jerusalem and that in every cell of your body you may find, recognize and celebrate the renewing and recreative energy of the spirit of the living Christ?

You may say, “Jesus,” and mean it not, yet the vibration shall come to you. You may say, “Come, Holy Spirit,” and doubt greatly, yet eventually that energy shall come to you. Know each member, each thought, each cell of the wholeness of your body, the twelve upon twelve upon twelve which one hundred forty four thousand represents.

Allow, await and expect the power and the peace of the love of Jesus Christ and the new Jerusalem shall shine through you. And the city upon the hill be a beacon of light.

We leave you in joy and peace, both this day and evermore. Amen.

*August 10*

*Put On Spiritual Clothing*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Putting on the clothing is part of the preparation for the day’s business. We suggest to you that you also put on the spiritual clothing of light which may aid the process of seeking during the day to come.

Visualize and call to the self that great armor of protection that goes before, follows after, guards upon each side and permeates each part and cell of your body. This armor of light enables the seeker to dwell within the state of joy and peace which the living waters of love, caught up in the armor of light, can bear.

Without such armor, without such deep remembrance of light, it is difficult to dance throughout the daily experience. Each time light is forgotten, be not discouraged but call in again upon yourself that great protection.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. Amen.

*August 11*

*The Race Of Detail And Duty*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

We see that you have many concerns upon your minds this day and are already eagerly planning how to run the race of detail and duty. How quickly you feel you must run!

Know that the love of Jesus the Christ moves effortlessly and gracefully with you in each moment of concern, in each detail of the working day. As close as breathing is this love which smoothes and makes plentiful time, energy and coordination.

Indeed, there is no lack of things to do, yet neither is there a lack of service to offer in love. Let each detail be transformed by the inner asking of the knowledge of the love and service breathed forth by the spirit upon all material things.

We leave you in perfect peace, now and ever. Amen.

*August 12*

*The Universality Of Suffering*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

You have pain in your heart. Is that so remarkable? It is given to each to suffer pain and, through suffering, to learn and grow.

The spirit of love wishes most greatly to comfort and relieve the heart’s suffering and asks you to gaze about at each person with whom you come in contact. Open the windows of the heart and be vulnerable before the pain of each other person and so see the universality of suffering. Then turn your hearts to the great fruits of suffering: compassion and joy.

For do you not see entities, day after day, sacrificing their concerns for the needs of others: mothers and fathers for their children, friends for friends, and, in the heart which has grown sweet with compassion, stranger for stranger?

The spirit sees the whole without boundaries of geography or personality. You dwell in boundaries and limits. Yet by seeing the pain of another soul, so you may see that your lot is not unlucky. Then open yourself to the healing movement of the spirit of love within which answers the call of the pain of others. And join in that harmony of compassion that forms a net of love about your beautiful planet amongst all peoples.

We leave you in the peace of true wholeness, both now and ever. Amen.

*August 13*

*Earth May Heal Itself*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Amidst the rampaging of the Earth, I come to you, the spirit of perfect love.

Against the storming of your peoples, I, the spirit of peace and understanding, greet you.

Against the folly of so many who eagerly seek to destroy the creation of the Father, I come with healing in my wings.

This day, turn your attention from these spoilers who ruin the Earth faster than the Earth may heal itself and gaze, in everywhere possible, at the beauties of the creation about you. Think upon your ways. Gaze upon the beauty that still remains and pray for guidance, that all things may be loved as the Father loves you.

We leave you in that love and that peace, now and ever. Amen.

*August 14*

*The Generous Giver*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The spirit is a spirit of hospitality. To each soul is given the personality, the character, the good points and the bad. And within each soul the spirit exhorts and encourages the free and joyful sharing of the personality.

For it is not in the saving and fastidious choosing of those to whom to reflect the spirit that the spirit’s fruits are multiplied but, rather, it is to the generous giver that more and more supply of those things of which the personality is steward may be given.

Fear not the opening of the self to others this day, the sharing of laughter and conversation, but pour out generously the love that is within you and you shall find that the spirit has replenished that supply manyfold.

We leave you in infinite peace, now and ever. Amen.

*August 15*

*A Turn Of The Eye*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

This instrument does not believe that we have anything new to say, for its mind has been over-busy with many things and meditation has been interrupted by the thoughts of the day which come in this instrument’s mind.

And yet we say that to every mind, however caught up in the affairs of the day, the Holy Spirit of Jesus the Christ speaks. It is as though a simple angle of the ear, a simple turn of the eye, the seeing about a corner is all that is needed. A quiet turning inside; a small repositioning of the mind and the voice of spirit sings once again.

For each day and for each person, in any move, in any degree of attention to the spirit whatsoever, that great principle of love, which is who we are in manifestation, in communication, may speak forth. That quiet voice, just out of reach, by a simple turn of mind comes into earshot and heart-shot.

May your days be merry! May they be full of busy things. We do not ask concentration upon holy things. We ask that in doing precisely what each soul wishes to do it may also wish to turn and listen to the voice of the Holy One.

We are with you in peace wherever you may go, whatever you may do, now and always. Amen.

*August 16*

*Those Born Of The Spirit*

I am the spirit who comes with quiet feet, walking in perfect love, sacrificing in perfect peace, showing perfect compassion. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

May the love of Christ come upon you today as a sword and as a peace, excising from you that little self, opening the way for your true and whole creation. For those born of the spirit, be they gathered together or scattered throughout your societies, may indeed renew the face of the Earth.

Let that consciousness be upon you that is love, rejoicing in pain and giving up those things which the spirit within you tells you that you no longer need.

May you lose your guilt and anger and be lit by the fire and the truth of love and compassion, that you may go forth in activity and yet with a heart full of peace to do the work of Jesus Christ in the world today.

We leave you, encouraging you, as always, in the perfect peace of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*August 17*

*Come, Holy Spirit*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of creative love.

Your generation shall pass away, just as this morning shall pass away into evening and all the works of your hands and the thoughts of your minds shall seem as shadows.

Gazing at one’s day and one’s life in terms of the losses involved is a logical and understandable method of dealing with the accidents of experience. Yet in each cell of your body lies a consciousness of love, joy and peace, a consciousness which can speak only mutely and only when asked for.

It is the consciousness of the Holy Spirit, as you would call us, for we are closer to you than you can imagine and instantaneously ready to flood the consciousness with comfort and healing. You have but to ask, truly wishing to release the sense of loss that experience sometimes brings; truly being willing to yield your sorrows, let go of bitterness and forgive iniquity.

This instrument’s favorite musician, Johann Sebastian Bach, has expressed the musical thought, “Komm Heilige Geist.” This simple prayer, “Come, Holy Spirit,” is that which opens the door to that peace in which we leave you now and ever; the perfect peace that lies forever beyond the understanding but is more real than any loss. Amen.

*August 18*

*Contentment*

I am the principle of that force behind creation, the love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness which is the consciousness of love.

This instrument is not prepared for what we are to say this morning. For this instrument thought we were speaking upon the subject of contentment. No matter how active the mind of mankind, the spirit is ever more active in its capacity to surprise, for we speak of a higher contentment, the contentment of vulnerability and seeming lack; the contentment of babes unclothed and people hungry; the contentment that becomes a fire within to clothe the naked and feed the hungry; that contentment which makes all creatures children of a meaningful and life-giving God and all God’s creatures meaningful and life-giving people.

Look in contentment at the world of strife and need and respond with a full heart, praying ever the invitation to the spirit of the living Christ to enter into every seeming lack, in meditation, and multiply plenty. Your consciousness is a gift and a responsibility. May you be content to love others as you love yourself.

We leave you in the growing peace of the realization of infinite love, now and ever. Amen.

*August 19*

*The Roof Of The Heart*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and send greetings in the full consciousness of love.

Your ears are filled this morning with the sounds of construction as a neighboring domicile receives a new roof for protection from those elements which rot and decay the dwelling below it. So each of you too must needs gaze at the roof of the heart and mind and learn objectively of those openings in the protective cover of light which allow thoughts which decay and cause harm to the heart and mind.

Build your roof anew each day with shingles of trust and faith, affirmation and right desire. For these hopes and affirmations are the spirit’s protection against an often stormy experiential universe.

Aid too in building those roofs of those whom you wish to enfold either in love or in atonement, for it is well to cherish and protect the jewels which your treasure-house contains.

We leave you in the prosperous peace of those who dwell in the spirit of love, now and always. Amen.

*August 20*

*Judgment*

I am of the principle of perfect love and I greet you in that principle of perfect love which is the essence and being of Jesus the Christ.

This instrument has allowed the mind to become most clouded with judgment this day, not of the self but of others. It is a condition which leads to death and exhaustion of the emotions and spirit and which leaves the physical body a walking grave.

The spirit of love does not contain judgment. Rather than disciplining in the face of difficult opinion, it attempts to expand the object of judgment and the mind of the judger until all may be seen to be the outworking of natural processes.

Remember that each entity struggles to find the spirit of love and most are faulty in their pursuit of that great pearl.

Remember that nothing is as it seems to be and that love is expressed in many distorted ways. Release judgment, asking for the spirit to fill the mind with an expanded vision and a more tolerant view. For so Christ’s love would have love between all peoples as a direct corollary and manifestation of perfect love.

We leave you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*August 21*

*Self-Consciousness*

We are of that continuous and lucid vibration which is the love of Jesus the Christ. We greet you in the full consciousness of love.

There is a spirit which comforts all things. Yet this same spirit demands and encourages activity upon the part of each entity. When those of your planet were walking about in deep forest and jungle, clad only in what they could skin and eating as they hunted, they were full of the spirit, these humble and primitive self-conscious beings. Their lives were focused with discipline and intention in order to create the skills needed for survival. So the spirit was to them that which enabled them to walk in harmony with their environment.

You who sit in meditation this morning have developed self- consciousness to a high degree. You too seek comfort, the comfort of the emotions and the comfort of the spirit. And so you have comfort, by asking and expecting it.

Yet remember that it is yours to labor, with a hearty and cheerful heart, to bring into your consciousness that emotional, mental and spiritual food which we have offered you the tools to believe are possible. We are partners and our efforts shine together in transformative harmony.

May peace be yours this day and evermore.

*August 22*

*Do All In Joy*

I am of the Holy Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Throw off the shackles of sleep and sloth and embrace the day! Nothing is in it that cannot be done with joy and rest in the doing, for the Holy Spirit goes before you to prepare the most blessed way and to offer the most creative counsel.

Seek within, in the silence of a peaceful heart, to see what needs to be done and to find the heart and strength to do it gladly, cheerfully and with confidence. There is always enough time for that which is necessary. Release that which is not necessary, for if there is not time there is not necessity, in the situation for which you have wished, on the level of your being which leads you to pastures of peace.

See the moving of the spirit in that which cannot be done as well as that which is done, for though the human mind wishes to do all, yet the spirit guides in the selection of the work of love.

May you go in peace, this day and ever. Amen.

*August 23*

*It Is A New Day!*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ. May the perfect love of the Father enfold you this day.

Our great tidings are ever new, as are your minds and your hearts. Whether in life or death, whatever process you are experiencing in the valley of the shadow of death, yet still, despite any condition or process of body or mind, in your soul, in your heart, and in your truth are you new.

Do not carry around with you the great burden of self- perceived error. For you only need to say, “Forgive me.” It is healing to say those words to one with whom you have had a disagreement.

You are healing still to say, “I have judged you wrongly.” For fear and judgment are the causes of humans offering the opportunity for much agony to each other. It is equally important that you say to yourself, “Forgive me. I have judged in error.”

Rejoice! it is a new day! May you feel the love that loves you now, wholly and completely. May you feel the peace that lies in the memory that love is here. And when you drop away from your physical body, there, in spirit, shall love be even more visible.

We leave you in that love and peace, now and forever. Amen.

*August 24*

*Ponder Death*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the name and the vibration of Jesus the Christ.

I see that your minds this morning dwell upon death, the death of those grown old in experience and frail; the death that is but the time for the self within to move to larger life and greater light.

Ponder death, holding in the attention the principle of perfect love, and know that death is only a transformation. For perfect love does not destroy but only transforms and changes.

Gaze with respect upon the frail bodies of the old and with even greater respect at the experience and the work in love which has been done by each who is aged in your world of days and years.

Know, too, that those transformations of mind which have taken place in the lives of those now leaving this world and this form shall be sifted, the dross removed, and the fruit harvested.

We leave you in the peace of every changing eternity, now and ever. Amen.

*August 25*

*The Ocean Of Love*

I am of the true consciousness, the clear Christ-consciousness, of love which is the continuing manifestation of Jesus the Christ.

We continue, yet we are one in time and space as waves which lap upon the shore and then lap upon the shore again are yet one body of water. So time is to the spirit: ceaseless in essence yet progressive in manifestation.

Know that you are dwelling within an ocean of love. You may stand upon the shore and be conscious of time and let love lap at your feet; let the consciousness of love touch your feet. Or you may move into love and leave time behind, bathed in the essence of the transforming love of Jesus the Christ.

One thing more we ask of you and that is: be clear in the mind that negative experience will come when one turns the back upon the shore of love and walks willingly into the desert where love has dried up. The negative choices that separate you from the waters of love are sometimes subtle. Seek the ocean, for love awaits.

We leave you in peace, now and ever.

*August 26*

*The Surrender Beyond Thought*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of that perfect love.

Your thoughts this day busily consider what actions you shall take for the improvement and the straightening of your life’s many details. Yet there is a great difference between that thought which is manipulation and that surrender beyond thought which invites the spirit of the living God into action and creates transformation.

We ask you to dedicate your lives first to resting within the power of the spirit. If enough souls turned first to the spirit and only then to the world, the face of the Earth itself would be transformed!

And in the little round of one life the dedication of the self to the fiery, fertile essence of spirit produces a purity and wholeness in the life experience which takes a soul from detail to a consciousness of glory. For you are not insignificant compilers of detail if you open the doors of your desire to the spirit.

We leave you in the surrender which is perfect peace and perfect power, now and ever. Amen.

*August 27*

*The Singular Way*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

Only the fool sets about examining the life of the builder of all things, thinking that by this man and by that man shall come forth lessons of wisdom which may be picked and chosen among for the benefit of the self.

The wise man sees the singular way, the way of commitment, trust and belief. We of the spirit of the love of Jesus the Christ cannot say to anyone, “Follow the Son of God. Become Sons and Daughters of God.” For that would be presumptuous. For not all are ready to make such a decision. Yet if you follow Jesus the Christ, follow Him not as an inspired teacher among others but as the Son of the living God. For the riches of the love of Jesus the Christ open themselves like precious jewels in the heart of him who trusts and believes.

Such are the ways of love and peace and in that peace we leave you, both now and always. Amen.

*August 28*

*The Secret Is To Remember*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of unconditional love.

Whatever you have been doing, stop now. For a moment, experience the Creator within. Let this habit become more and more pronounced in the many moments of the daily round when the mind is otherwise under-occupied or unoccupied.

In training the self to seek the Creator within, again and yet again and even yet again, in unending succession of moments, so does each seeker begin to glow from within with the consciousness of unconditional love which communion with the one infinite Creator does provide.

As a human you cannot love any without condition. Yet when you acknowledge the unconditional love that is the Christ self, the Creator self within, you may tap into an infinite source of energy, strength, power and joy.

And you may share that consciousness without even trying. The secret is to remember to remember the Creator. May you fare well in training the mind to bow to infinite love and compassion.

We leave you in the love and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*August 29*

*Peace In Cycles Of Change*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

As you gaze upon this day you may see the growing signs of harvest time: the yellowed leaf, the cooler sun, the shortened time of light, the beginning of the end of summer, and the rolling change into autumn.

So are the rhythms of the interior life as well, moving in spiral fashion towards an ever higher goal of love and unity. Should the tree cling to its yellow leaf, then as further change unrolled there would be no room for the green leaf of spring. Should you cling to those fashions and fruits of your manifestation before this moment, you may be keeping yourself from experiencing the rhythm of change.

In that rhythm is rightness and the breaking through into new life experiences. May you embrace the cycles of your moods, your activities, your thoughts and your body itself as it experiences the cycles of change, each of which gives to seeking souls the unending opportunity to experience the mind of Christ which offers peace in suffering, peace in change, and peace over all things.

In this ineffable peace we leave you now and ever. Amen.

*August 30*

*If Your Soul Is Exhausted*

I am of the consciousness of love, the spirit of Jesus Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

How woefully inadequate is the being who shuts off the flood gate of spiritual information! How quickly will that soul, in its attempt to serve, find itself empty and exhausted!

When Jesus Christ left its Earthly incarnation, there was no leaving of the spirit of love which this entity brought into manifestation from the Father. This inexhaustible source of energy and love vibrates as we speak through this instrument and may vibrate as well to all who ask.

If you are weary, if your soul is exhausted in service, turn to the consciousness of love and bask in the sea of joy and peace that awaits you. Open your channel to the water of infinite love, that as you serve, you may not weary and as you love, you may not tire.

For there is a peace beyond weariness and tiredness. And it is in that holy peace we leave you.

*August 31*

*The House Of God*

I am of the principle which animated Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The basilica of your holy temple is most lofty and grand; the chancel of your cathedral most capacious and elegant, built by man as if to invite hosts of angels to dwell therein. Yet we say to you that those lofty spaces arching far above the head of the seeker are created of an instinct concerning the inner light of humankind, not the boarding needs of angels.

Let your thoughts and prayers be those which are uplifting and soaring above the common run of human thought and know that if you be not in those houses dedicated to the Lord God, yet still have you a lofty arch into which you may throw your heaving joy and groaning sorrow, for the great circle of human consciousness reaches to the very heart of the Creator regardless of your position in the world.

May your prayers be seen as having wings, not only in the house of God but in the greater house of God which is the world. May all places be holy to you this day.

We leave you in utter sanctity and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*September 1*

*When The Mind Relaxes*

I am the breath of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

We come to this instrument although this instrument has no words of her own. We find, indeed, that it is when the human mind relaxes and affirms its unknowingness that we may speak most clearly.

Those who seek to know love dwell upon their lacks and limitations, frustrated that they cannot become closer to the source for which they yearn. Yet to the soul who says merely, “Here am I,” we may come with unfettered footstep and breathe life eternal into things temporal.

Fear not when you confess to yourself that you know not of ultimate things but only surrender that lack of knowledge and open to the information of light of which it is known you have need.

We leave you in sufficiency, in peace and in trust, now and ever. Amen.

*September 2*

*Love Has Work For You*

I am of the principle of the divine love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Love is the giver, the sustainer and the protector of the tender, young spiritual consciousness. It is the strengthener and sustainer of those whose veil has slipped from the eye, those who are smitten by circumstance.

It is the stripper and remover of pretense, for forgiveness takes away the necessity for defense. Love enables each portion of the creation to sing and move in rhythm, one unified rhythm of continuous co-creation.

Do not expect love to come to you today. Rather, expect yourself to use whatever discipline is necessary to become aware of the love that is deep and fine and strong within you now: within you, around you, and in all that you may apprehend. Go forth in love and listen, for love has work for you to do, work of being, work of becoming.

We leave you in the eternal liveness of the consciousness of love and in peace, now and ever. Amen

*September 3*

*The Gift Of Peace*

I am the most sacred spirit of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I join you in the consciousness of divine love.

This instrument has prayed, “Lord, make me an instrument of Thy peace.” The early morning brings a sunrise; the noonday, great light; the evening, the myriad colored rainbows of sunset, and at midnight, a carpet of stars is sprinkled upon the great ground of the sky.

In all of these conditions there is peace. In all conditions of the life that you experience now there is peace. Seek first, in the sunrises, the noons, the sunsets and the midnights of your heart, to feel the sweetly wrapped gift of peace given silently.

This present dwells within each of you. The varieties of life, light and experience merely embrace the various environments, the diverse parties with which you may share such a precious gift through smiles and laughter and gentle silences with those who greet you.

We leave you in peace, both now and evermore. Amen.

*September 4*

*The Deep Ache For Love*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that divine love.

The branches of intellect seem to many to be those holding the most fruit. And, indeed, that vine of connected thoughts grows sturdily and well in the environment of the everyday world. Yet the spirit of love is most often found within the homelier, seemingly mundane details of work and play.

How do you apprehend the love of the living God? With your thoughts? With your heart? Or with an ache so profound that it can be said to come from the roots of being? In this deep ache lies the yearning of love for love, for each of you is divine, the son or daughter of the living God. May you seek well and without pride for words or deeds but with that divine growing hunger of love for itself.

We leave you in changeless peace, now and ever. Amen.

*September 5*

*Worthiness To Be Slain*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

This morning the instrument’s mind is full of questions of worthiness. “Worthy”—what does that mean?

In terms of the spirit’s speaking to the peace and joy of those who may deem themselves unworthy, we may say that “worthy” means “ready to be slaughtered.” “Worthy is the Lamb that is Slain.” The worthiness is willingness to sacrifice.

Unworthiness is unwillingness to sacrifice on behalf of the Creator seen in others’ eyes. You are unworthy if you cannot be a sacrificial giver for those things which you see to be of God and of the work of God.

Other than this, thoughts of unworthiness have no place in the life of the disciple. Are you worthy to be slain today? To give sacrificially? To open yourself, that love may come through you?

If you have the humility to count yourself unworthy, then perhaps you have become worthy after all.

We leave you in the divine peace and love of Jesus Christ, both now and evermore. Amen.

*September 6*

*The Strength Of Acceptance*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ, the Son of Man. I greet you in the full consciousness of love in manifestation.

We hear the voices of those upon your planet who cry, “Woe! Woe! Dark is the day, and dark is the hour!” The railing against fate and the anger against the Father is most understandable and acceptable.

Yet as the spirit of Jesus Christ is the spirit of power and creation, so those who cry woe and feel powerless must needs call to the Holy Spirit. For within each difficulty, within each pain, there lies a peace, an acceptance. The strength to adopt acceptance and to move in acceptance of limitations and difficulties is at least equal to the strength and power to go forth and do battle in the name of Jesus Christ.

Realize that in the center of your being is the power to accept powerlessness and to accept that which cannot be changed. There is the peace in that acceptance which may open into joy. The cross is for all who seek to know Jesus Christ.

We leave you in the peace of the full consciousness of divine, sacrificial and creative love, both now and forever. Amen.

*September 7*

*Truth Renews The Senses*

I am the Holy Spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ, the principle of unconditional love and the encourager of grace amidst paradox.

I come to this instrument in that glad paradox of eternity and dust which is the spirit in manifestation. The spirit speaks as an echo reverberating that which the heart of man already knows. Where the heart lies open, each moment may disclose a new heaven and a new earth.

See the paradox of your soul’s striving amidst the celebration of perfection which is the essence of the nature of the reality hidden in manifestation. Let the spirit of love conquer the eye that sees the mask of things. Through the spirit apprehend the inner core of perfection in each and every circumstance.

For by this willingness to trust in the spirit of love, by this choosing of a consciousness of love, you may view each desert as a garden and each garden as a desert, gaining for yourself the full picture which the true heart may paint of the paradoxes of divine love.

Release the need to make sense and allow truth to renew your senses.

In peace we leave you, now and ever.

*September 8*

*The Deepest Union*

I am the spirit of the living God and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

It seems, when one hand touches another, when one life touches another, when thoughts commingle in conversation, that there still is a boundary of separation betwixt hand and hand, life and life, thought and thought. Your organs of perception indicate the distance between two energies regardless of how closely they may lie together.

Yet the energy which is the strength of the hand, the power of the life, and the tenor of the thought undergirds, overshadows and unites all things.

If you be confused and lonely this day, turn at once to that contact, that touch, that mutual beholding that is the deepest union between yourself and the spirit and principle of the full consciousness of love, and then see the unity in all things with new eyes.

We leave you in peace, comfortable peace, now and ever.

*September 9*

*Each Is Your Brother*

I am the spirit of the living Christ which speaks to the world this day, greeting you in the full consciousness of divine love.

The many preparatory and studious engagements of those serious, spiritual seekers who labor to learn the love of the Christ are well meant and may yet yield fruit. Yet, paradoxically, it is not the one always who strives the hardest, thinks the most or works more laboriously than others to whom the inspiration, the love, and the clarity of vision that infinite love offers, comes.

Many times it is the one who is unassuming and humble, who accepts the basic unworthiness of free will while recognizing the necessity of it, who may choose and choose and choose again the way of love, the way of the Christ.

Therefore stride self-confidently into the world but be ye humble and not over-assuming, for each entity is likewise the Father within, just as you are. Each is your brother. Each is your sister. None contains that which you do not contain. Sometimes it is possible to try too hard to be loving and blessed, sanctified and giving. Relax into the rhythm of spontaneous service and life shall become merry and light.

We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*September 10*

*Your Essence Is Spirit*

I am the Comforter and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

May peace fall like dew upon you this day, no matter what the outer situation. May you experience, and continue to experience, the inner peace which no disaster of humankind can destroy.

Within the Father’s love there is a peace which comes from eternity and which is the vehicle for your own imperishable spirit. Rest quietly in the knowledge of that peace, no matter how quickly you run, no matter how many tangles of human relationships you encounter.

Touch always the peace within, for the Comforter does not fail. It is only those whose hearts are puzzled and befuddled by that which occurs that are not able to hear words of comfort and to feel the presence of that peace which passeth all understanding.

We feel that it would help each if each would think of itself not as one attempting to be a spiritual being but as one who is, in essence, spirit. That being accepted, the point of view may shift so that the spiritual door may be opened to peace more easily and the hubbub and turmoil of a wrangling world may be set off from you by the buffer of comfort, peace and faith.

For we are of the principle of Jesus the Christ. We are of the spirit of living love. And we are eternal, as are you, and exist only to interact with you in positive ways that bring each spirit more and more light and less and less confusion.

We leave you in peace, both now and ever. Amen.

*September 11*

*Mountains Of Smoke*

Greetings in the love of Jesus the Christ. I am the consciousness and spirit of the Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

You have many seeming difficulties which rise before you like mountains of smoke, seemingly dense and impenetrable and yet seemingly unable to be grasped. It is of no avail to struggle against these difficulties, for opposition strengthens illusion.

Rather neglect them by turning your attention to your Creator and the preserver of your life, offering praise and thanksgiving to the mystery which you behold.

When you turn again in this consciousness the mountains will be there no longer, and the straight plain will offer your path no hindrance.

*September 12*

*Open That Door*

I am of the principle of divine love and I greet you in the consciousness of full compassion.

Have you far to go this day? Do the miles seem long and weary to travel? Is there little bread and bitter herbs to eat when you come home? So it is in many souls’ experience.

The Comforter does not stop occurrences from happening within your day and within your life. It is a companion. We as a force are with you always. You cannot run faster than we can follow and we shall always bear you up within, if you but seek the comfort of divine love within.

The principle of love, the spirit of Christ, awaits you behind the door of your heart. Open that door. Go into the inner room. Feel the holiness of that ground within. And then take it to the dreary task and the difficult day and find it transformed by love.

We wish you peace, now and ever. Amen.

*September 13*

*The Powers Of Death*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ which speaks to the world today. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

The powers of death have held great sway over the minds of your peoples in all times, for it is to the powers of death that all that which is negative tends. Yet all the sighs and sorrows in reaction to the experiences of the day guide one ever so subtly away from vitality and towards distraction and distress.

There is no need for the powers of death to have hold upon your mind and your heart. For even where there is perceived an unquestionable catastrophe, yet at the same time the softening voice of spirit speaks to those who listen.

We ask you to tap into this source of peace and life, for there is abundant life in any circumstance, insofar as the will and faith of the struggling seeker may open the inner eye and reach the inner hand to the spirit of truth within.

We leave you in the ineffable peace and love of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*September 14*

*The Sanctified Nature Of Cycles*

I am the Holy Spirit of the nature of Jesus the Christ and I greet you with the full consciousness of love.

Make up your minds to look about you today and open your heart to what you see. You shall see that which is barely growing, that which is in bloom, that which is ending its manifestation, and that in which there seems to be no more life.

This is true of growing things in nature, of pilgrim souls upon their journeys and of each institution made by man and by God. Perhaps you will begin to see the sanctified nature of the cycles of birth and death which are appropriate and beautiful in the continually changing and evolving creation of love.

Growth means change and change is perceived as difficult. May you, today, see the rightness of the rhythms of your experience, celebrating in them the beauty of perfection.

We leave you in the peace of the understanding of the harmonious plan of a loving God, now and ever. Amen.

*September 15*

*The Desire To Dwell In Love*

I am a voice speaking with the full consciousness of love. I greet you in that love manifested by Jesus the Christ to all of humankind.

At your prayers and meditations we find you relaxing and resting the body and yet not relaxing and resting the mind. How fretful is the mind of humankind, steeped in everyday concerns!

Can it not be perhaps possible that the mind also might rest, relax, find comfort and open the doors within in seeking? For those doors reveal Jesus the Christ and those qualities of consciousness which were manifested unto you and may again and always be manifested unto you if there is a pure and profound desire to dwell innerly in love. These gifts are yours if you can but make room for them. There is no hurry. These gifts are eternal.

Peace be with you now and ever. Amen.

*September 16*

*A Home In Each Willing Heart*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of Christ’s love.

What a blessing it is for the spirit to find ears willing to hear and hearts open to receive the spirit of the Lord! For though the spirit broods over every living thing, fulfilling in every possible way the promise of infinite love and infinite life, yet still many hearts are shut to us. And those who open to us do not linger long ofttimes.

How grateful we are to find a home in each willing heart, to find consciousnesses who wish the gifts of the spirit. Though your lives be busy, may you linger long today at odd moments within the holy ground of your own heart, to know and feel the love and will of God in Jesus Christ and to reach forth an arm filled with the strength of perfect love to bring into manifestation the fruits of that love.

Whether these acts be the act of the mother with the child, the hand of the businessman with a customer, or the hand of a head of state with the fate of a nation, yet are all these acts potentially filled with perfect love.

We leave you in that peace which cannot be explained yet which is more powerful than that peace which is only the absence of violence, the peace of Christ, now and forever.

*September 17*

*God’s Active Voice*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the full consciousness of love in Christ.

My voice is a cry upon the wind heard by the heart and spoken through lips such as those who shape these words. Yet my nature is inseparable from the great Creator and preserver of all life. Thus beneath our words is the energy of life, the constant apprehension of unity.

We are God’s active voice in the world of physical incarnation. We are that great stock of inspiration and imagination from which any soul may draw. We are the living water of the consciousness of love. And we come to you as you will and as you ask and sometimes as an angel unawares do we appear.

May you seek to live more fully this day, calling upon and resting in the vivifying energy of love. In peace we leave you, now and always. Amen.

*September 18*

*The Wonder Of Creation*

I am the spirit of the living God and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is the love of Jesus Christ.

We ask today that your eyes be transformed, that you may gaze in wonder at the majesty of creation.

Hold your hand before your face. Is it not wonderful? By simple thought flex each finger. See the movements. Do not understand them. But gaze in wonder. Touch thumb to finger and reflect upon the excellence of these tools given by the infinite and glorious Creator to those images of Itself that It sends into the world of manifestation.

Look further up into the sky, around the countryside and, most of all, at the excellence of yourself. And be thankful that the Lord has given to His people not only love and the consciousness of love but a way to manifest and encourage that love to grow and bear fruit.

We leave you in awe, wonder and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*September 19*

*The Very Stuff Of Love*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Has it seemed strange that you suffer and still you live? That so many things occur and yet you are capable of experiencing each thing? Have you wondered, “Where is the room for all the memories, all the feelings of a lifetime?”

Those feelings and memories and biases are of the very stuff of love, for they express the love which each has been able to manifest. Cradled gently within the being lies an infinity of remembrance.

There is nothing through which you cannot go. There is no action too harsh for memory to turn the harshness to lessons learned, new visions perceived, and new challenges accepted.

How very much more you are than you are aware! We call you to an awareness of your larger self and hope that we may inspire in you such deeds as the Creator and you have placed before you this day.

We leave you in quiet confidence and peace, in the love of Jesus the Christ, now and forevermore. Amen.

*September 20*

*Patience*

Greetings in the love of Jesus the Christ. I am the spirit of the consciousness of Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

My child, why do you bustle about within your mind, sorting and sifting the details of mundane experience in a ceaseless attempt to make order out of chaos? There is great virtue in being patient enough to allow the eddies and rhythms of a complex situation to form a coherent pattern. As you become gradually aware of the pattern, you are then far more able to discern the service which has been prepared for you to accomplish.

Peace and grace be with you.

*September 21*

*The Quiet Inner Room*

I am the spirit of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness which is that of love.

You have awakened to this day already consumed with the cares and challenges which the time ahead bring to you. We ask you to move with the spirit now into that place of perception, that quiet inner room, where the naked silence speaks volumes to the listing ear.

Release all but the contemplation of love and instantly love will begin to bathe you in strength and in the protection of light.

Feel the bubbling joy of that consciousness which is wholly one with love and know that you are one with that consciousness.

Then move forward into the cares of the day, following each concern to its proper conclusion, watching the powers of communication between peoples stutter and fail, viewing the enormous seeming disharmony of the outer world.

Yet do all this while keeping in remembrance that consciousness which is the ground of being. Keep this in mind. Hold this in the heart and there is no confusion, no trouble, no chiding, no impatience that cannot be transformed into opportunity by love, that perfect love which flows through the seeking disciple.

Know you that the love of Jesus the Christ is alive and all- embracing and ever available to one who asks.

We leave you in the peace of the love of the Christ, now and always. Amen.

*September 22*

*Senses Are Illusions*

I greet you in the love of Jesus the Christ. I am of the consciousness of Christ in the vibration which comforts this child.

It is well, in the face of difficulty, that you seek to perceive that your senses are illusions which regard illusions. For then consciousness is not squandered on that which cannot offer the love of Christ. How much better and productive to use that unsquandered energy to regard that which underlies all illusion: the consciousness of love, which is Christ consciousness.

Peace be with you.

*September 23*

*It Is Your Dance*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Let your spirits rise! Let your laughter sound forth! For there is a great victory in realizing that, truly, you are improvising upon the stage that is so seriously called life. You are an artist, a comedian, a tragedian, a philosopher, and a fool. You are any part you wish to play. It is your improvisation; it is your dance; it is your day and your life.

Take nothing to be troublesome, but gaze at it as though it were in a play. How shall you amuse yourself, beautify that which is not beautiful, or glorify that which is mundane in the situation you see? To you come the improvisational opportunities to change the atmosphere, the tone and the very plot of your improvisational life,

Because that play is so dear to you, you hold it too close and see it not well. Back away in love, in total engagement, with the attempt to be the best, the finest, and, hopefully my friends, the one with deep, strong humor.

To see life too seriously is to miss the comedy and the merriment, to feel that joy may not be appropriate although it always is. And as you have this point of view, so shall you radiate it, for it is the point of view of the living Christ: total compassion, total unity, and merry, merry laughter.

See the comedy on your stage and make it graceful, dancing through it with the skill of those born of light and love.

We leave you in the peace of Jesus the Christ, both now and ever. Amen.

*September 24*

*Laughter And Quiet*

Greetings in the love of Jesus the Christ. I am the spirit of the consciousness of Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

We noted the surprise which this child showed when we joked at the challenge she offered to us. This is no cause for surprise. Jesus’ love is based upon a consciousness in which ecstasy is the steady-state experience and laughter as natural as breathing.

Do you distract yourself so that you cannot feel this joy? Quiet yourself, then, until the tides of ease and laughter inundate you and offer blessing in your experience.

Peace be with you.

*September 25*

*Seek The Wisdom Of Love*

Greetings in the love of the most compassionate Christ.

You have many things upon your minds, judgments to make and tasks to perform this day. It is good to will to do these things if you seek the grace to do them well. Yet you must know that your point of view is ever less informed than the greater will of consciousness in Christ.

Plunge, then, into the waters of everlasting life and seek not the hot and fervent faith that shall cool by evening but the peaceful, calm certainty that wishes only to move deeper and deeper, breathing the waters of rich and unending wisdom and love, forsaking the dry and barren breath of human judgment and decision. Let your decision be to turn to the faith that is your everlasting consciousness.

Peace be with you.

*September 26*

*May Your Soul Be Tempered*

I am of the spirit of Jesus Christ and I greet you in the fullness of divine love.

The unconditional nature of love is not fully understood by those who wish each other a pleasant day, a happy day, a good day. For to one full of the spirit of love, each day is, first, that which is dipped in fire and held to the rising sun, a tempered sword of unity so that all things are one, the seemingly good, the seemingly difficult situations alike, blending into love, turning into chances for renewal and growth.

May your soul be so tempered in the grace of Jesus Christ that the spirit may speak through you this day, regardless of the circumstances of your existence, to a world hungry for the love of Christ.

In the peace of Christ we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*September 27*

*The Touch Of The Spirit Of Love*

Greetings. I am the spirit of our Lord Jesus Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

When you experience for the first time the touch of the spirit of love, you are as a bride who goes to her marriage bed, becoming a new being, one in flesh and spirit with the beloved.

Although a virgin may be irresponsible, yet a wise householder has the passive responsibility of being an instrument through which new life may be channeled. There is also the active responsibility of a discriminating stewardship of all those gifts which are held in trust from the Father and which should be used to the glory and celebration of the consciousness of love.

My peace I leave with you.

*September 28*

*Go Forth Rejoicing And Glad*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

It is the wish of the principle of unconditional and creative love that each particle of the Creator’s love, each of your cells, go forth into the world rejoicing and glad.

Whatever your troubles, whatever your sorrows this day, we ask you to treat them as gently as honored guests. For each of those beautiful and less beautiful things that you may meet is something which may catch you, as a twig along the river; as that which may snag your attention and curl you into the outwardly blinded and inwardly gazing position of the fetus.

Let not your troubles bend you over or bring you to the dust, but rather stand in faith and enjoy each small and great blessing that you may find before you this day, offering praise and thanksgiving with a strong heart. Thus may the Father’s light shine in your world.

We leave you in peace, now and ever.

*September 29*

*This Holy Day*

I am the spirit of the living God and I greet you in the full consciousness which is the love of Jesus the Christ.

See before you now an holy day!

Hold your hands before you and know that if you dwell within the spirit of love these hands may be instruments of love to do divine work in a divine world.

Gaze at your feet, holy feet which may carry you to no place which is not holy.

Sense the pounding of your heart and the movement of blood in the veins. This is an holy body in and of itself and more and more full of self-awareness of love as the mind and heart love and dedicate this body to the principle of love.

Ask the mind and heart to love and dedicate this body to the principle of love.

You do not know what you might manifest within this day and night to come. You do not know what troubles shall arise which seem so persuasively to point to things that are not blessed. Yet within each abuse of body, mind and spirit there lies that soul, that infinite intelligence which is masked to the human eye but which is never absent from the spiritual picture of your day.

Know, and know in a deep and final way, that all things tend to good; that all disharmony tends towards love; that all despair tends towards hope, and all loss tends towards inner realization. And embrace each and every aspect of your experience in the firm faith of Christ, seemingly crucified, forever alive.

We leave you in Christ’s own peace, now and always.

*September 30*

*Call The Light To You*

I am of the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

See yourselves seated, just as you are, taking moments precious to you. For each is busy. So alter your consciousness that the ensuing period of time may be altered by the light which you have called to yourself in these moments.

Picture yourself opening as a flower to the wonderful sunshine of perfect love, being drenched by the freely given dew of strength, quietness and peace. Store this up within your heart, that through your eyes may shine this transcendental love which has the power of touching all those about you with a light which they may not know, but which they yet recognize as that which lifts the spirits, heals the mind’s pain, and cheers the emotions.

Allow that light to be stored within you more and more, that you may become an active spirit, a practicing and moving force for love, not by direct action, necessarily, but merely by the glow within the eye, the smile upon the lips, and the words spoken from a simple and cheerful peace.

We leave you in that peace, now and always. Amen.

*October 1*

*Divine Hunger*

I am of the principle of divine love and I greet you in the full consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

Look you ahead to your day. Your work lies ready for you. And you are ready for the work.

Your establishment and domicile, your daily bread, your expectations for the future: these are the things at which you gaze as creator of your little world, to look and see that all things are pleasing and satisfactorily arranged.

Look you to every physical aspect of the arrangements of your life day by day. Look till you come to the end of them. Now ask yourself: have you still the divine hunger or are you satisfied?

The spirit speaks to those who hunger, to those who ask and to those who face the door of non-complacent doubting and say, “My deeper self hungers and thirsts for that which all my tidy arrangements cannot give me.”

We of the principle of love bless that divine hunger which calls into manifestation those powers of creation which alone express the unity betwixt the soul and divine love.

We leave you in the peace of that love, both now and ever. Amen.

*October 2*

*Heavenly Food*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine compassion.

Each of you is most intent upon being of service to others. We applaud this desire. But the spirit of love must be nourished. And we encourage each of you to be most careful to offer the self that heavenly food which makes being of service to others possible.

For to give from oneself is to deplete oneself. To give through oneself is simply an act of service to others. And to open that shuttle through oneself, one must find that which is most helpful in establishing the feeling of unity with the Creator in Christ.

Give to yourself the permission to seek and to enjoy deeply and digest heavenly food, whatever it is that the spirit may give to you. Realize that the spirit of which we are representatives—for many different kinds of people need many different kinds of Comforters—is omnipresent. You cannot be without the spirit of unconditional love, for this lies within you.

Find it and open it, that your service to others may be no burden to you but instead a delight and a joy. For it is a merry illusion to one who steps with light feet. And to one who steps with light feet comes the ability to deal with serious subjects in a gentle way. This is desirable.

We leave you in peace, the infinite peace of the principle of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*October 3*

*Heavenly Food*

I am of that principle which is known as the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

How peculiar it must seem to have such glory in the inside experience of meditation, contemplation, praise and thanksgiving, only to find that two steps into the world and all of the strength of your faith is distorted and confused. How very disconcerting!

This is done on purpose, my children, not for your comfort but for your growth. There are various agendas for various entities; various lessons of love they wish to learn. And thus this catalyst must take place that has neither a good nor a negative connotation. It is simply that which you came here to experience and to find a way to change from nonsense poetry to the rich tapestry of heartfelt and painstaking stitchery of clear, clear colors of emotions, of love in relationships, and of self-forgiveness.

Do not allow this dark illusion to keep you from being aware of the infinite light in which you dwell. You need not say a word to another to do this work. It is simply altering a program within the mind that you may, out of habit, begin to think about the Creator.

The Comforter has been promised to you. We do not stop those things which you consider negative from happening. We are simply there to accompany you through the difficulties. Please ask for our help, for we cannot infringe. And no matter how fast you may run this day, no matter how many things you have to do, try to stay centered in the present moment where all intersects with eternity.

We leave you in the peace that is the transcendence of this illusion and in the principle of divine and unconditional love and peace, both now and ever. Amen.

*October 4*

*The One Sea Of Love*

Greetings in the love of Jesus the Christ. We are of the consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this channel.

We encourage you to rejoice, one with another, for all your seeming differences are but shadows. The one who calls upon the Allah, the Zoroaster, the Christ or the Buddha, calls not to separate oceans, but to one great sea of love. All differences are structures created by the perceptions of dreamers. And yet all shall awaken. And as you rejoice then, so may you rejoice now in the promise of awakening.

Peace be with you.

*October 5*

*The Sense Of Inner Blankness*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the ineffable love of divine consciousness.

When the world seems to make no sense, when the skies are blank of being and the landscape bare of meaningful detail for you, then it is time to turn inward and avoid the distraction of the self in meaningless pursuit.

If there is only a small amount of time to be spent inward- turned, it is enough. For the sense of inner blankness is the sense of being lost from the self, not of being lost from the world.

To find the self, one must turn to the Christ within and ask that the great story of selfhood be expressed in yet another way, that you may understand your nature and your birthright and know who you are: sons and daughters of the divine; those who give meaning to sky and earth.

In your troubled spirits lies the dance of the present. May you be at peace within your trouble as you turn within to Christ.

In that peace we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*October 6*

*Harness The Power Of Consciousness*

Greetings in the consciousness of Christ. I am of the principle of the consciousness of the love of Christ in the vibration which comforts this child. Greetings and peace to you!

My children, what mighty energies move at this moment within your consciousness! What tremendous raw material consciousness truly is!

To what use do you put this great resource this day? Shall you work on behalf of those things which do not offer life, or shall you turn to the service of that which is life-giving?

For in every situation there is a response which creates the optimal amount of service grounded in love. If you are preparing to plod through a day that does not feel alive to you, first find our vibration, that the breath of spirit may enliven those things which are dead in your perception. For all things are alive in the consciousness of love.

Peace be with you this day and always.

*October 7*

*What Is The Holy Spirit?*

I greet you in the full consciousness of love. We are those of the spirit of the living Christ.

To this instrument’s ears have come questions about who we really are. And perhaps it is good to gaze upon the identity of the Holy Spirit. We do not call ourselves by that name, we who serve as the very spirit and energy of the principle of divine love which is the love of Christ. What we are overshadows who we are.

Yet we will say that we are un-descended into the planes of which you have experience. We have experienced incarnations continuously, for light does not die. We are, therefore, that power of the Logos, which is love, which is active and follows the call for the presence of the full consciousness of love. We hope we are to that seeking soul a mirror made of love.

Upon one person the effect of that mirror may be no action but only a gradual change in consciousness which manifests to the world profoundly in the end, though no action was taken, but only the change of heart.

To another, whose time to hear and do has come, the spirit offers that mirror in which is seen the possibilities wherein love may enlarge, enable, enliven and bless manifestations, your own or another’s, so that out of poverty of mind, spirit, supply or action the full consciousness of love may work.

We, like the wind, are with all who seek the spirit, with all who seek the Christ. Think of us as principles, as living flames which embody love. Then gaze in our mirror. See the love within yourself. And be, in turn, the spirit of Christ in the world.

We leave you in peace, not necessarily the peace to rest but the peace which love unspeakable brings, now and ever. Amen.

*October 8*

*What Is Truth?*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

What is truth? Open your eyes, your mind, and your heart and gaze at truth.

See the air which you breathe, the life-giving air of the body and, yet, also the energetic expression of love, food born in every particle of your air for that soul which so craves the breath of spirit.

Gaze upon that which immediately meets the eye. Dwelling within each atom, each tiny portion of that which you see is truth, the truth of energetic fields which contain in infinite number expressions of the Father.

It is sometimes difficult to see in a worn-out chair or a disreputable-looking human the truth expressed perfectly through each portion of consciousness. Fix your mind first on truth and then on appearances and allow the higher realization to interpret for you the surface pictures of an unkind world. We say unkind and so it looks, yet know that all will be well in the harmonious outworking of each appearance, so the truth is continually being uncovered by each growing spirit.

We leave you in the peace which is above process and which informs each process, now and ever. Amen.

*October 9*

*Rest In That Peace*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of unconditional love.

To this instrument comes light. To each comes light. To each also comes the appearance of darkness, shadow and penumbra.

Jesus the Christ promised that we who comfort would be with each seeker until the end of the age. His promise is being kept most devotedly, most persistently, and most joyfully. The waves of consciousness are moved by tides through which it is not necessary to move if there be that self within which may say, “Peace, be still.”

Allow the morning light to be a symbol to you of the hope and the faith that calms the sea of reaction, distortion and upset. In an ultimate sense, all is well and all will be well.

Rest in that peace and allow the waters to move as they will, teaching, with every tide, one more lesson in love.

We are always with you. We who comfort hold you always in our arms. Become aware of us but know that we shall not change for you the tide, but only comfort you as you make your progress upon the sea of consciousness.

We leave you in the peace and love of Jesus the Christ, both now and forever. Amen.

*October 10*

*See Love Within The Self*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

We ask you to use the eyes of love to look upon yourself at this time. See the principle of love which sustains the physical body with the breathing, the movement of the blood which gives life to the body, the movement of your digestive processes which offers to the body nutriment, those cleansing and purifying forces of body which carefully remove those things harmful to the body and eliminate them.

Know and feel that the spirit of the living Christ dwells in this good body, this healthful, lively clothing of flesh.

Gaze at the inward thoughts and shed upon them the light of living love. Praise those tendencies within the self which tend toward the love of Christ and its reflection within the thoughts of each and every moment. Come into a state of love with the self, acceptance and praise of the self, knowing that the Creator moves through each part of the body, every portion of the mind.

Then, and only then, armed with a love of self in Christ, gaze outward and see Christ in every body, every mind, and every yearning soul. It is your choice to love and invite, with every portion of will, the viewpoint of love towards self and all.

We are with you in peace, both now and always. Amen.

*October 11*

*Newness And Clarity*

Greetings in the consciousness of the love of Christ. We are the spirit of that love in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

We find this instrument’s vocal apparatus ready to serve and her desire strong. And we find one more element which improves this child’s opportunities for being of true service. That is that there is little preparation made beforehand as to what this moment of contact will bring.

It is an uncomfortable way to enter into acts of communication and yet it bears the stamp of the consciousness of Christ. For the essence of love is freedom. The less guessing that you offer about what shape the communication will take, the greater scope the mind has to accept information.

Seek, then, to put on the nakedness of no expectation, and remove from yourselves the clumsy, heavy shoes of fantasy and design and feel the burst of newness and clarity spring through into your conversations.

Peace be with you, now and always.

*October 12*

*The Response Of Worship*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Worship, worship, worship! This word is important above all others to the pilgrim upon the path of Jesus the Christ. For there is no part in man of the Father if there is no appreciation and love of the greater self within.

Worship and rejoice!

Worship and confess!

Worship and give praise and thanksgiving!

See the heart attempting to issue more and more refined and intensified emotion and realize that each and every moment of each and every day holds the opportunity of seeing things in such a way as to provoke the response of worship. For all things are worshipful when done mindful of the Father.

O, desirous ones who doubt and seek, worship first and find security after the gamble has been taken. This is the way of the pilgrim.

We leave you in the peace and the love of Jesus the Christ, both now and evermore. Amen.

*October 13*

*Hope And The Experience Of Love*

I am known as the Holy Spirit. I greet you in the full consciousness of the love and the creative energy of Jesus the Christ.

As that active energy called love invisibly swirls and moves throughout each atom of creation, opportunities are constantly being given for that which is of a less spiritual nature to take on the vibrations of a spiritualized love. Thus does the spirit bring out the song in stone, the clapping of hands of the trees, and the rejoicing of the mountains.

Thus also the spirit of the Holy One moves invisibly and energetically within the heart of humankind, creating seemingly from nothing a strong and lasting faith. The seeker who wishes to experience the movement of the active principle of love need bring to the encounter with that transformative energy nothing but a heart full of hope.

Not all encounters with new life are as dramatic as Paul’s vision upon the road to Damascus. May you be willing to support within yourself those promptings of energetic love which whisper from deep within your heart. May you hope in the spirit.

We offer you the peace of this ever-fulfilled desire, now and ever. Amen.

*October 14*

*Contention And Disagreement*

I am the active principle of Jesus the Christ, the spirit which speaks to the world this day. I greet you in the consciousness of full and divine love.

This day this instrument goes to a convention to do business for her church. This instrument seems to expect a good many differing and potentially hostile opinions.

It is encouraged, in this instrument and in all who see contention in the world outside the self, that all the various opinions and disagreements without be taken within, that it may be recognized that that which is seen as a picture with the eyes may be understood to be a way of seeing that contention, that confusion, which is within the self.

When once the peace of Christ has penetrated the inner being and the heart is soft and compassionate, the outer confusion will never again seem threatening but merely noisy, for there is a peace which passes all understanding.

It is the understanding of love, and in this love and peace we leave you. Amen.

*October 15*

*Carelessness And Forgetfulness*

I am the spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ who speaks unto the world this day, this hour and this moment through the mouth of this instrument and in the heart of each and every soul that exists.

O, how abundant is the spirit! O how rich and inestimably close is the comfort which you seek!

It is mere forgetfulness, not willfulness, that draws most of you from the spirit and consciousness of Jesus the Christ. It is a carelessness of fine trust that one may go forward and forget the center of being.

Yet to move in thought and action without the spirit is to invite the calamity of a careless confusion, one less able to be penetrated in the end by love and peace.

Yes! We ask you, rejoicing, to carry the strength, the comfort, and the laughter of the spirit of Jesus the Christ in your heart each hour of this day, calling into remembrance all of Christ’s passion and remembering love itself made manifest, as that love made us manifest to you, for all time.

We leave you in peace, now and ever. In the name of Jesus the Christ. Amen.

*October 16*

*The Gates Of Your Heart*

Greetings in the love of Christ. I am the spirit of the consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this child.

You who understand so many things about your daily life and make so many connections between events so as to bring them into order, would find comfort in turning for a deeper understanding of events to the contemplation of that Thought which created you.

For even as you appreciate the gift of father and mother in offering the possibility of breathing and living incarnation, so even more may you appreciate the ultimate Creator of you and of all things.

Nor is it possible to contemplate the infinite order of the creation without assuming, finally, that unacceptable and difficult circumstances are, nevertheless, intentionally organized for your benefit.

Look, then, at the same situation which you have analyzed so well within your mind and open the gates of your heart, letting confidence and peace in the rightness of all that you see wash over you. And in that atmosphere the birth of the deeper understanding will aid the child of God in making the deeper sense of any circumstance.

My peace be with you, now and forever.

*October 17*

*Signposts Of Joy*

I am the spirit of that consciousness which is the Christ held sacred by you. We greet you in the love of Christ.

It is not only in good circumstances that the Comforter is available to those who seek inspiration but in those perceived as difficult as well. It is well to turn to the inspiration of godly things, eschewing attachment to the transient joys of the day in exchange for fuller and deeper understanding of the greater good and the spiritual essence of mundane happiness.

For happiness as well as sorrow is a state of mind peculiar to an illusion in which your consciousness is impinged upon by all of those distractions of the senses which please and cloy.

View pleasure, then, with the same eye with which you view pain, not disowning your senses but rather appreciating them as signposts of a deeper, spiritual joy.

May the peace of the consciousness of love be with you now and always.

*October 18*

*Claim Your Birthright*

Greetings in the love of Christ. I am of the principle of that consciousness which is Christhood, in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

Although it is well that you gaze searchingly on each face of Christ which you meet in your daily round of activities and experience, it is better for you to be inspired by these exaggerated delineations of the characteristics of love, turning from them to a truer expression of that love in Christ.

For to call your experiences by their true name is to bless them and own them, claiming them as part of your birthright. For you and they and all that is are not only created by God, but are of God, and to behold your likeness is far more blessed than all the careful judgments you may make, wise though those judgments may be.

The consciousness of Christ is the consciousness of love, that love which creates, Christ being the truest expression of that potent quality in your waking consciousness. Turn you, then, to that source of light and let love illumine all the facets of your life.

Peace be with you, now and always.

*October 19*

*Become Christ To The World*

I am the spirit of the ineffable love of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

When this instrument challenged our presence we, as spirit, said simply, “We are the Christ.” This instrument was surprised. But the principle of love is active and powerful and that which is Christ is wrapped and bound by love ineffable.

Thus he who carries the spirit of Christ carries Christ, and as we are the very principle of this love, so are we Christ too. And now we turn to you with a gift of fire, hoping that the bellows of your conscience and faith cause you also to become Christ, to carry the love of Christ to those whom you meet; to the world that you accept with eyes and ears. May your senses be filled with the full consciousness of love, that you, in turn, may be Christ to the world.

In limitlessness love I leave you in peace, now and always.

*October 20*

*Seek First The Kingdom Of Heaven*

I am the Spirit, that you call Holy, of the consciousness of Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument. Greetings in the love of Christ and the peace of His kingdom.

Do you think that the grace and consolation of the Holy Spirit will come to you in time of need if you but turn your mind in the direction of aid and succor? Children, although this be true, nevertheless, it would behoove you first to seek knowledge of the Father’s kingdom, not for any good it might seem to do for you or be to you but for the sake of love alone.

For as you enter more and more into the consciousness of that kingdom, so will the nearly silent voice of the spirit be made resonant and full by your changing awareness. It is written, “Seek ye first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness and all things shall be added unto you.” These words are true and we recommend them to your consideration.

May the peace of the consciousness of Christ be with you, now and always.

*October 21*

*Credo*

Greetings in the love of Christ. I am the spirit of the consciousness of Christ in the vibration which comforts this child.

Can you consider yourself as one of the company of the faithful because you know that the means of eternal life is at hand? Can you rest in the glory of your future experience while dwelling in the present difficult times?

We find your hearts to be lax, for in your appreciation of the inevitability of salvation, you forget that the moment of salvation for any soul is that moment in which the soul may turn to its Creator and vibrate, “Credo. Credo,” with a whole and single heart.

Peace be with you, now and always.

*October 22*

*Guard Your Thoughts With Love*

I am the spirit of all compassion, which speaks with the voice of Jesus the Christ to the needs of the world today. I greet my beloved brothers and sisters in spirit in the consciousness which is divine love.

You are surrounded by that love. Each cell of the body acknowledges and dwells within that love. All things are held in balance by divine love: planets in their courses, blood in the veins, the breath in the body.

All that is left without the confines of the perfect and perfectly understood love of Jesus the Christ is the free will of humankind. Therefore, your thoughts are not necessarily protected by the consciousness of love.

Allow your thoughts, therefore, to dwell with those things which are full of love: your own body, cell by cell; the creation about you, blade of grass by blade of grass. And love itself may come to comfort you as your consciousness prays to the consciousness of divine love.

May you be in prayer this day, for the Comforter is always with those who request it. In this surety and in this peace we leave you, with blessings, now and ever. Amen.

*October 23*

*Trust, Hope And Light*

I am the spirit of the living truth and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love in which all truth abides.

This instrument is quite certain that it does not have the necessary state of mind for the transmission of truth and love, as it is concerned about its friends, pondering their courses of action, caring too much for the susceptibilities of others to suffering and doubt.

Yet we say to all who care for others that the same spirit that sustains each in its own struggles is ready to sustain friends and loved ones in that same suffering; that suffering which is universal; that suffering which furnishes good fruit; that suffering through which each pilgrim finds the value of not suffering.

Thus we say to each who is concerned for others, “Turn the attention to the self. Look for trust. Look for hope. Look for light. And then rejoice in that light, hope and trust and know that all is truly well.”

In this consciousness your friends may bathe as in the warmth of the hothouse and your consciousness may then be a seal and protection for your friends. Consciousness itself, and not so-called good advice, is the primary gift of the spirit of love.

May the consciousness which is the love of Jesus Christ sustain each and offer each peace, this day and always.

*October 24*

*A Lamp Set On A Hill*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ. I speak to you in the flow of the consciousness of divine love.

When travail is on the agenda for the present moment and the present day, when there is an hour of need that you, with human eyes, gaze upon and know not what to do, then is the time to visualize within yourselves the light which makes visible each dark portion of the day. For if the mind has fled to the light and stands trustingly within its scope and power, the mind then becomes girded with that light and is full of love.

And if the human processes of doubt and excessive reaction alike are disregarded, each pilgrim may, then, become—in the present moment, in the present hour, in the present day—a lamp set upon a hill to illumine that dark need.

For within each exigency lie the seeds of harmony and peace. If you feel broken in this day, may you turn and ask to be made whole by the spirit of the love of Jesus the Christ.

We leave you in that hope of peace, now and ever. Amen.

*October 25*

*Remain Still And Receptive*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of love. I greet you in the name of Jesus the Christ, the great bearer and expression of the full consciousness of love, which is the Logos which guides and governs the development of all things and which is also the end and purpose of all things.

I ask you this day to sit quietly long enough to experience the divine peace and the life-giving love that is everywhere in the atmosphere around you. It comes to you in the song of birds, the whistling of the wind, the rays of the sun and the gentle rhythms of household and nature.

Remain still and receptive until your cup of love is full, full to overflowing. Then may you become a leaven for those who see not love, by smile and word expressing love and peace. Then may you become a servant of love.

We leave you in the love and peace of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*October 26*

*Terror And Change*

I am the wind and fire of spirit and I greet you in the full consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

Terror and change sweep across the human scene day after day and year after year. To the eye of the keen observer it is apparent that the forces called Apocalypse move ever within the divine stew of Earth and Heaven. Each moment, crises of the life and death of the body, mind and spirit are marching in relentless step. And the tender consciousness filled with the spirit of love and reconciliation aches and yearns to heal the ever-flowing waters polluted by negativity.

Turn away from the human scene, seekers of love and service, and gaze steadily upon the inner desire to know and serve the Lord of all. No one can pray for every hurtful thing which meets the awareness, for sins and errors are numberless. Yet in the turning to silent tabernacling with the highest are all things brought into the environs of love and peace within the consciousness. Thus pray not for things, not for results, but for the presence of Christ which will then heal all things.

We leave you within the watchtower of silence and prayer. Peace be with you now and always. Amen.

*October 27*

*Eternity And Unity*

I am the divine spirit of the love of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in full consciousness.

The entirety of the world is broken up again and again in memory. All the theories of wholeness and entirety created by the minds of men break up and disintegrate faced with eternity.

Indeed, mankind is like the dead leaf upon the scintillating, fast-moving tide of the river which empties into the sea, a frail barque filled with death, too dry and brittle to accept the living waters of the thought of eternity, the thought of unity. Yet it is in this circumstance that Jesus the Christ stands ready, healing, giving new life, changing the dead into new and transformed existence.

May you be as trees planted by the water, not as the leaves which fall from those trees, seeking in dead intellect the spirit of truth.

We leave you in the peace of the full consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*October 28*

*Seek In All Places*

Greetings in the consciousness of Christ. I am the spirit of the consciousness of Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

Many times it comes to each to move forward into the areas which have not been thought fruitful for contemplation. All areas of the transitory illusion which you call life are fruitful for considering, for all things are shot through with the illumination of the divine.

Very often it is in just those things which seem least fruitful that you will find the most efficient and conformable means of moving forward into a greater enlightenment in your search for the light beyond light, the love beyond love and the life beyond measure. Consider, therefore, and let nothing be beneath your notice. Rejoice in all circumstances of mind, body and spirit.

May the peace that Jesus came to bring, the peace that indwells all things, be perceived by you, now and always. Amen.

*October 29*

*The Gaze Of Jesus Christ*

I greet you, my children, in the love of Christ. I am of the principle that vibrates in the consciousness of Jesus Christ to the degree that is comfortable to this instrument.

You shield yourself, again and again, from the fearsome gaze of Jesus Christ, for you fear that He gazes upon you from the cross to condemn you. And yet He gazes at you not in pain but, rather, resting upon a pillar of righteousness,

He looks upon you in all of your complexities and darkness and pierces the confusion with simplicity. For the love of Christ is a simple and singular thing, a constant amidst a sea of seeming changes and shadows. The light of your mundane world shifts and confuses with glare and shade. But the light of the love of Jesus Christ is constant and pierces to the heart of your being and your circumstance, seeing the perfection and holiness that hides in the shadows. May you find peace in your shadows and see the shadows disappear in the constant light of love.

In that peace I leave you now and hope that you may remain forever.

*October 30*

*That Love In You Shall Love*

I am the spirit of Jesus Christ, the spirit of the love that is the consciousness of the Creator Itself, greeting you in the vibration of that love which is most comforting to this instrument.

We are aware that we are precipitant this day. Yet this instrument is tuned and so we speak.

Sink your feet two miles down into the terrible maelstroms and volcanoes of the sulfurous nether regions of those who have no hope, and reach upward, grasping with your fingers the tenuous threads of the wings of angels and the lips of prophets. For if you are not aware that your nature is one with demons and angels both, then you are not aware of the fullness of the love of Christ and of the universality of the nature of your Creator.

Who shall be Lord of your life? An entity made of your ideals and dreams? A man-made shibboleth? Or the reality of deepest things, the allness of the nature of God?

Turn your understanding, then, to the acceptance of unacceptable things and the recognition of love in all situations, whether they are, to you, fragrant with virtue or reeking of vice. Such is the power of judgment that you can make lovely things ugly and ugly things wonderful. Yet, my children, is that what you desire?

Wait patiently, then, with your eyes turned to the doorway wherein dwells the spirit of Jesus Christ. For in the fullness of your time His spirit shall come unto you with the loving of love itself, that you need not love, but that love-in-you shall love, accept and understand all the universality that your humanity cannot encompass.

This can only be accomplished through the resoluteness of your will to accept and love in the spirit of the Lord of your life, who accepted all and loved to the end.

May the peace which Jesus Christ demonstrated to you rest upon you, now and always. Amen.

*October 31*

*Rest Not Your Staff*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ, the principle of love which speaks to the world today.

Welcome to a morning of the creation of the Father! Welcome to the path of the pilgrim! Allow yourself to awaken slowly, for, as you slept, so have you been taught and comforted by that which is not of understanding to your conscious mind.

Now, as you brush the sand of sleep from your eyes and gaze about you, whether your environment is the mansion or the hovel, yet before your eyes it is the pilgrim’s path you see.

Gather up your staff, then, and prepare to walk this day as a pilgrim of love; of infinite consciousness; of the kingdom of the Father. And rest not your staff until that inside heart speaks to you of a day well-accomplished in love and the consciousness of love.

Then may you lay down your staff at the end of your busy day and rest again in the everlasting arms that enfold you between sleeping and waking once again to the peace, love and joy of the consciousness of divine love, the path of the seeker.

It is on this path and in this consciousness that we leave you, now and ever, with blessings. Amen.

*November 1*

*A Heart Full Of Peace*

I am the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love, that consciousness within which lies the peace in which we always end our greeting to you.

We wish you peace because it is the natural estate of the mind and the heart of one whose consciousness is that of love, regardless of the outer circumstances, regardless of the apparent helplessness of one over such outer circumstances.

The heart of one stayed on Jesus the Christ is at rest within itself, holding itself and all others in the same compassion as does Christ, in the faith that Christ has come before and opened the gates to the full consciousness of that love for all.

May each new situation this day be seen not for its outer configuration but as an environment into which you bring the inestimable value of a consciousness of love and a heart full of inner peace.

In this peace we leave you and bless you, now and ever. Amen.

*November 2*

*The Manna Of Joy And Peace*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

Behold, the day has been made new! Yesterday’s dew has long since passed, and the manna of dew has come once again for this special day.

Do not be fooled by the seeming imperfection of your thoughts nor the seeming inadequacy of your actions. Stay in this moment, in that point within the mind which receives this very morning’s dew, this very morning’s manna of joy and peace.

Feel! Feel the sanctity of your own true nature palpably, consciously.

Focus upon that hunger for spiritual food, for the dew of righteousness. Be still in your seeking. Be still in your knowing.

And then, when your joy is complete—only then—move forward into the world of illusion where good seems bad and bad seems good and the manna of love has been dried up by the false sun of circumstance.

You shall carry the consciousness of the soul well satisfied with spiritual food throughout the day. And then each illusion may be met with an infinite love. Such is the Father’s gift through Jesus Christ to you. Rejoice and be glad.

We leave you in the joy and peace of the consciousness of Christ, now and forever.

*November 3*

*The Birds Of Night And Day*

I am of the principle of love, that full consciousness of divine love which is Jesus the Christ. I greet you in blessings and in peace.

Like a quiet bird the morning flies before you, pulling in its flashing feathers a veil of heaven and earth and all the many colored illusions of your day.

And all too soon the great night hawk will fly and in its dark feathers shall be carried the veil of darkness, nighttime and slumber. So does the illusion shift before your eyes, first light and then dark, all seemingly unattached to your consciousness, to your attention and to your caring.

Yet know that you are both birds: that which brings the day and that which brings the night. Within you lies the power of each. Choose, then, that which you prefer: radiance and light or darkness and the blank O of nothingness.

Choose the environment for your consciousness and abide in peace and love, now and ever. Amen.

*November 4*

*Time To Blossom*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Love, beauty, truth, the ideal and the absolute are greatly appealing to those who are seeking for that which does not perish. They are irrelevant to many others. This is an individual matter. Thus, it is well for those who seek and wish to serve to find an endless tolerance.

As one rests in hope that all may seek the truth, one releases that hope to the infinity of the appropriate time for each flower’s soul to blossom. Though your hearts may have compassion upon those who are quite different in their feelings and thoughts, yet know that each chooses.

If any appear to be unhappy, having turned from their birthright of love and service, let them appear as they will and await the moment of sharing of love, joy and peace.

There is the time of jubilee for each, a time of self-acceptance, self-forgiveness and the simple faith of the child. That time cannot be forced. It can only be given thanks for when it occurs. Rest in your jubilee or rest waiting faithfully for that same jubilee. There is all the time and space necessary for each to grow, to learn, and to come at last to that heavenly kingdom whose name is love.

We leave you in that love and peace which is of the principle of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*November 5*

*The Life Lived In Grace*

I am the spirit of Jesus the Christ. Your Lord and Savior is my very essence.

We would speak to you most fervently of the eternally abiding nature of all that you call true knowledge. We who greet you in the consciousness of Christ realize that you who seek the consciousness of Christ yearn for there to be information on certain subjects in order that you may learn and that those about you may gain in understanding. And yet we assure you that all information and understanding whatsoever is invariably and securely within your grasp and awaiting your accurate reach.

You who seek the consciousness of love need to seek, therefore, not for knowledge but for a life lived in grace. For it is the nature of your life, your thoughts, your actions and your intentions that will avail to you all the information, wisdom and learning that you could ever wish to acquire.

Information which involves the seeking of the consciousness which is Christ must always partake not in what you think and what you may understand of the mind, but in who you are entirely.

Seek always, therefore, to be more and more a creature surrendered to love and guided by the highest and best which you may see in any situation. Then the understandings will walk to you and open themselves before your inner eye in the silence of the consciousness of love.

*November 6*

*Offer Sorrow And Thanksgiving*

I am the voice of unconditional love which speaks to the world in the name of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

How many of you, while aching within the heart, must move through the day attempting to manifest the plenty from which that heartache seems to detract? We focus today upon heartache, upon the sorrows of living.

Within your life, within all life that matures and moves forward, there is a balance of sorrow and joy. Allow a knowledge of the kingdom of the Father to touch that septic sorrow. See that pain as the true, sore ache and agony that it is and offer it to love for love’s nurturing, comforting care.

You who seek so diligently are not alone. The principles of love and light are with each at all times. Therefore we say to you, “Take your sorrow, your sadness, as well as your joys and offer them up in thanksgiving to the Father, for all things work together to create a balanced compassion within the faithful seeker.”

May you find that balance this day and every day. Open the self to the power of infinite and unconditional love. We are with each of you, but though we may knock upon the door of your consciousness we cannot open it. We cannot comfort or aid without the turning of the sorrowful spirit to the door and the welcoming in faith of that positive principle of love. Then over your threshold shall move peace and confidence and a balance to sorrow.

We leave you in that balance, that peace, that wholeness that is love, now and ever. Amen.

*November 7*

*Inner And Outer Weather*

I am the spirit of the living Christ, the full consciousness of that love which is Jesus, and in that divine love I greet you.

Outer circumstances often do not seem appropriate to the inner feelings of those who awaken to the day. Perhaps the heart is heavy and the sky blue, or the soul full of cheer and the day weeping and chill. This is an expression of the divine inclusiveness of all apparent states of what you may call the weather within and without.

Just as the Earth needs both the sun and the rain, so the fertile soil of your soul needs both the gift of joy and the ordeal of difficulty. It is in the times of ordeal that the gifts planted within the sun, which have bloomed and flowered and been harvested, gain a new life, a new birth and a new learning for your consciousness, that you may bloom once again in love and know the gift of light ever better.

So let your hearts be peaceful in good weather and poor, in happy times and sad, seeing the cycles of experience and nourishment as excellent in their entirety and perfect in their working. Such is the justice of the Creator.

In Christ’s peace we leave you, now and ever. Amen.

*November 8*

*Come, Holy Spirit*

I am the spirit of the Son of Man. I am the consciousness of divine love. I come to you and I come to all in every moment, saying, “Comfort! Comfort be with each.”

The principle of love is that which touches and comforts, nurtures and nourishes. Yet comfort and love are meek and will humbly wait to be asked to enter the heart, to heal the soul, and to bind up the wounds of sorrow and time.

We ask that you say to the spirit of love, “Come, Holy Spirit, enter the hearts of your faithful.” This invitation is your comfort to love itself, for when love asks for love, the whole creation sings with joy.

May peace and comfort be yours, for they are yours for the asking, whoever you are, whatever you believe. It matters naught but only that you have faith in love.

In that love and in that peace we bless you, now and ever. Amen.

*November 9*

*Love One Another*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus Christ. I greet you in that full consciousness which is the Logos: love.

Love one another, my friends. The Comforter may comfort as it can. But it is only a voice which speaks in the darkness of the interior of the mind. It is only heard when faith and hope allow the inner ear to hear.

Be of good cheer, therefore and be comforted in the knowledge that it is completely up to you to ask for comfort, wisdom or succor, or to refrain and attempt living upon the energy of humankind, which is finite.

You will find that as you open yourself to the comfort that is behind the shut door of your meditative heart, you will more and more desire to be in that state of consciousness which is aware of unconditional and infinite love. All the turmoils of humankind are born and pass away, but your spirits shall be comforted in joy, in hope, in faith, and in peace, as you request it, as you desire it, and as you have the grace to accept it.

We wish you infinite love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*November 10*

*The Inner Room Of Thanksgiving And Prayer*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

We move through timelessness to the point of entry which is the opening of this instrument’s spirit to the inner room of thanksgiving and prayer. And we find that within the inner room of this child are many things that do not belong in such a holy closet.

Why is your meditation not set apart from the things that distress and worry you? When you enter the house of prayer, why do you not shut the door upon the tatters and barking dogs of mundane concern? Think you that by carrying them upon your back into holy places, you shall bless and sanctify petty concerns? Petty concerns shall never be sanctified but only transformed by a simpler and stronger understanding of the value and importance of love.

If you come to listen, to ask, and to be fed with holy things, then come with a light heart, empty arms, and no burden upon your back. For that which is spiritual will not grow in the soil of familiar problems but must have the soil of quiet, darkness and patience.

How patient is the King of Love! Though His heart is full, His empty hands stretch out to the spirit of one who prays in the house of silence.

Let your inner room, then, be such a house and let your opening into the realm of spiritual things be uncluttered by the concern that you are not wise enough to observe as a being under the dominion of a powerful and triumphant love.

May you triumph by becoming less than your concerns, a humble and silent servant, open to love. May that love bring you peace, now and always.

*November 11*

*Great Companies Within*

I am the Holy Spirit of our Lord, Jesus Christ, in the vibration which comforts this instrument. I offer you greetings in the consciousness of love.

You who are in distress are urged not to turn to those who would extend and amplify that distress by disharmony or even by sympathy which has as its unconscious purpose the deepening of misery.

Turn instead to the companionship of those who rejoice. Within the depths of the interior of your consciousness lie gateways to great companies of those whose songs are always of praise and thanksgiving. And within your conscious life, the careful ear may hear the steadfast encouragement of those whose minds and hearts are fixed on the love of Christ. For Jesus was a master not of indecision but decision; not of despair but of hope. And even in His moments of trial, He, acknowledging the certainty of human despair, trusted in a greater will than His own and an infinite and ultimately good disposition of all things by and for the Creator.

May you find peace in ultimate things, now and always.

*November 12*

*The Man, Jesus*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Gaze you now within upon a man of love; a man of compassion; a man of sorrows, acquainted with grief; a man who stands your personal friend; a man whom you already love as a personal friend. For such has been his character in all that you have heard about him.

We speak to you of a man, Jesus. The Christ you may worship, but we bring you the man today that you may gaze upon Him and that you may reach out for His hand.

For He is the brother of all humankind and, as you, true son of the Father of all. Think the name, “Jesus,” and the spirit of love shall be with you, for such is the power of that name.

We do not expect each to worship in the same way, to adore in the same fashion, or to offer praise and thanksgiving in the same place. We simply say to you, “Here is one way of gazing upon love. Here is one way of reaching out a hand and becoming one with that comfort.”

For you must have no doubt that this man who is eternal is, in His whole being, shot through with love of all that His Father has made.

May you feel the peace and security of being loved and loving, whether you are alone or in a family. All seekers spend spiritual time alone. Yet, seeker, you need never be alone completely if you may say the name, Jesus.

We leave you in that holy friendship, in that gentle brotherhood, in the ineffable peace of the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*November 13*

*The Doorway To Freedom*

I am of the principle of Jesus Christ, the love of almighty God, the Creator and preserver of all things. I greet you in that self-same consciousness of love which enlivens the dead and causes the still to dance with joy.

You cling very tenaciously to your ideas of right and wrong and assume that your perceptions operate not only on your own behalf but also on behalf of all. Yet you have not the authority to make that assumption. It is only in the desires and biases of those who contend with you that you may find the doorway to a more gracious concept of rightness which allows the freedom of others to find their own rightness in their own way and at their own time.

How can you know the perceptions of another? How do you dare to assume that you have the perception of Christ? We rebuke you not to break your love of right into little pieces but rather to scatter your presumption in living an unexamined life. Ask for the grace to be given a wider view and I shall be there.

May the peace that you seek be with you always. Amen.

*November 14*

*Expect Your Good*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Today we ask you to expect your good. The instrument speaking our thoughts is a living example of this principle. For in expectation of this contact with love, the instrument and her partner placed the recording device, set the proper buttons, placed the microphone in the proper place, and prepared with readings and meditation for inspiration through this contact. Good was expected and prepared for, and now, in this example, the good comes freely, gently, lovingly and surely.

So good comes to all, expected or unexpected. Yet it is well in each and every morning, in each and every beginning, to affirm, hope for and confidently expect the good that is yours.

And when it comes to you, we ask that you accept that good though it may not seem good, knowing that all things work together for the good and seeing in your own experience the good that has come before. In this state of mind, in this expectation of things unseen, you are dressed in the armor of light and hope and the course of your day may be significantly changed, more peaceful, more harmonious. This is what we hope for you. This is what we ask you to expect.

We leave you in the peace and the love of Jesus the Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*November 15*

*How Precious You Are!*

I am of the principle of the love of Jesus the Christ, the spirit and consciousness of divine love. In this great peace and power we greet you.

How special each of you is. How precious! Perhaps you are undervaluing yourself. Perhaps you accept the yardsticks of a foolish and materialistic world and judge yourself to be other than acceptable to the Father.

It is inevitable to experience in oneself the exceeding of limitations; that which aids the growth but is painful to the emotions. Attempt not to lose courage as you learn and change and transform, for you are indeed special, unique, whole and worthy.

It is within this illusion that you fight the shadow battles that bring the spirit to choice; the choice of love for others or of self. May you love, forgive and value your unique being, for so does the Father do.

We leave you in this divine love and peace, both now and ever. Amen.

*November 16*

*Surrender Your Daily Schedule*

I am the voice of the Son of Man that speaks to the world today. I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love that is the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

Whatever you feel that you have before you this day, we offer this suggestion to you: release it now into the hands of that Almighty Father which watches over each thought and each moment of your life.

For events may fall unexpectedly and meanings and nuances may be lost if, in your mind, you know already what the day will bring.

Keep your ears open and your eyes wide and, most of all, your mind and your heart alert, for things are not always what they seem and the spiritual lessons gained by those whose ears are open, whose eyes can see, and whose heart can understand are very great.

The Comforter is with you and will aid in releasing, seeing with new eyes, hearing with new ears, understanding with cleaned and blessed hearts. Surrender your trust to the Creator of all things, to the lover of your soul, to the source of your being.

Allow love and power to move within you, through you and out into the world, knowing it is not your doing after all, not your schedule but the righteous schedule, the rhythmical and right action of a soul working together with the Comforter.

We leave you in the peace and the joy of that surrender, of that faith and that love, now and ever. Amen.

*November 17*

*Rise Up Today*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this instrument. I greet you in the name of that love and in the Christhood that is the birthright of all.

I ask those of you with stubborn and resilient hearts to rise up, not only this day but every day, realizing the morning of your strength, the noon of your eagerness, the evening of your peace and the nighttime of your content, dwelling in the house of the Lord.

I ask you to rise up and become citizens of the kingdom for which you yearn, that you may transform each perception of the mundane that comes before you into that of the heavenly. For this you must gird your loins and put on the battle armor of a caring and redemptive warrior.

May you go forth to wage peace everlasting. Amen.

*November 18*

*The Face Of God*

Greetings in the love of Christ. I am the spirit of the consciousness of love which is Christ’s self, in the vibration which comforts this instrument.

Whatever we would say this day must turn upon the face of God, for we find in this instrument’s mind a focus far from that face. And we question the efficacy of such concentrated efforts at separation from the source of life and health.

Do you burn with shame at your transgressions? Far more did the man known as Jesus burn with shame at the iniquity of His nature, for He was given the perfect consciousness of Christ and all the material of mind and body which belongs to the illusion of the world. What pangs he felt because of His angers, His pride, His sarcasm, His coldness, and His cowardice! Truly He condemned Himself many, many times. For His was the painful knowledge of perfection and the equal awareness of the absolute imperfection of all that partakes of illusion.

Yet if He burned in shame, He burned well for the face of His Creator, His Father, and His source. And so should each be zealous, not for the death that lies in perceived transgression but in the new life which comes from focusing upon the face of the Creator.

The face of the Creator is pure and creative love and in love there is eternal, perfect and unfailing redemption, freedom from the memory of mistakes and an entrance into a new life unbesmirched by any past. Indeed, this is the nature of each moment. One who focuses upon sin denies redemption. And it is needless to do so.

Seek always the face of God. And offer to that face, to that presence, to that consciousness the precious gift of your agony. May you who think yourself sinful be healed of pride, for you are not unique.

May you be healed by the seeking of the face of God. Peace be with you now and always. Amen.

*November 19*

*Loneliness*

I am the principle of divine consciousness and I greet you in the love of Jesus the Christ.

You gaze at the day with eyes askance and skate about upon the surface of your consciousness as though moving your hand across the skin of an orange. Yet deep inside you, you ache with loneliness because you have not sought to live within the depth of the present moment of life. You have not acknowledged your nature.

Peel back, then, that thick skin of happenstance which is the continuum of your day and see your true nature in the seeds of Godhead nestled within the meat of your humanity. For the Creator has made you in His image, and, as you are consciousness, just so this consciousness cannot be anything other than the Creator.

May you search for and touch the seeds of your inner essence this day and each day. Thus shall surface activity resonate with inner meaning. Love and the consciousness of love bless all circumstance.

We leave you in the comfort of joy and the perfect peace of love, now and always. Amen.

*November 20*

*Tuning Your Channel With Love*

I am of that principle you have called holy, and I greet you in the holy, divine consciousness of the love of Jesus Christ.

This instrument always asks us, after challenging us in the name of Jesus Christ, “Am I now tuned to channel?” And many times we ask the instrument to tune just a bit more. Then that which we have to say may flow effortlessly, freely and abundantly, as is the nature of love itself.

Each of you may ask, “Am I ready to channel?” For each of you moves through the day with the potential to channel the spirit of the living God in Christ. Each of you, by turning again and again to love, is tuned by love, hollowed by love and thus made a channel through which light and joy may flow.

We do not ask that you gaze upon the outer world without noticing its many seeming imperfections. We ask only that your strength of faith be enough to turn from the evidence of limited gaze and seek always that consciousness which awaits within. Thus may you become ever stronger as faith begets faith within you.

We leave you within the mighty hand which cradles all things with love. Peace be with you, now and ever. Amen

*November 21*

*You Are The First Sons*

I greet you in the consciousness of love. I am the principle of Christ’s love in the vibration which comforts this child.

When we spoke to this instrument announcing our presence we said, “I am here, my son,” which puzzled this instrument mightily. She asked if we were aware that we had made an error. Yet we had made no error. For you play roles within the illusion of the mundane world, you souls dwelling, incorruptible, in corruptible flesh. It is necessary for you to experience the positive and the passive sides of purity and action in order that purity may teach action and action, purity.

And so all who have sex need to know that their attributes are designed to help each other. You have been made for your fellow man and yet as souls you are sons, not male sexually, but, rather, in the sense of your laws of inheritance, full inheritors, as first sons are, of the Creator of all things, almighty God.

Know your son-ship, whomever you might be, and do not be beguiled by the seeming differences in body, attitude and understanding.

We seek to bring you peace, and yet we know that you shall find your own peace in your own time. We wish for you peace, now and always. Amen.

*November 22*

*Ask For The Spirit Of Love*

I am the spirit of the living God. I greet you in the consciousness of that great name which is love. I am of the vibration of the consciousness of love which comforts this child.

As you perceive, more and more, the depth of lack of glad understanding which you express with regard to the consciousness of love, you may naturally become disheartened. Although it was never intended that difficulties dishearten the seeker, it is necessary, in order to appreciate love’s consciousness, that perceptions be had of the great dynamic between the action of the spirit of love and the substance upon which that action takes place.

For there is much within the consciousness that is experienced by sons of God upon the Earth which is dead to all consciousness of love. And thus the redemption of the action of love upon this consciousness is all the more remarkable.

Remember that those who do not ask for the spirit of love to come upon them shall not experience a substantial amount of grace. For even were spiritual grace to be given by another who prays for you, unless you gladly receive this grace, it shall not endure. Seek always, then, the redemption of that which is dead and do not mourn your iniquity fruitlessly.

May the consciousness of love keep you in peace, now and always. Amen.

*November 23*

*Your Vessel Of Dust*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in divine love.

You have seen yourself as a boat upon the river of life, being blown to and fro by forces which you cannot control. The spirit within you asks you to enlarge your vision, deepen your understanding, and share yourself, not with any frail craft but with the illimitable ocean which is your true nature.

It is the illusion of wood and sail, the illusion of tides and winds which make one feel apart from the nourishing water which supports and upholds life. Think now of this productive image. The wood dissolves. The sails disappear. And that most frail vessel of the physical body is released. At last the seeker becomes one with the sea within which lies wholeness of life.

This is water which the soul breathes. This is wholeness which the body mistakenly denies. Know that you are one with that which feeds, nourishes and sustains your spirit. Know that you are not limited but are only a drop of the sea of consciousness which moves sometimes into a vessel of dust, that it may be fruitful, just as raindrops mold themselves about the dust within the atmosphere and thus fall down to nourish the crops that feed your world.

We leave you flowing freely and endlessly in the peace of the ever-moving water which is the consciousness of love, now and ever. Amen.

*November 24*

*Trust That Within You*

I am the spirit of the living God. I greet you in the full consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

The difficulty which living within the physical shell of the body creates in understanding that the spiritual path is a path of plenty and light is that the outer circumstances of the path of light seem anything but comfortable.

There is truly a narrow path whereby one may maintain contact within the self with the spirit which enlivens all things. It is best not to look for evidence of the spirit’s work within men and within the world but, rather, faithfully to rest in the trust you have in that which is unseen but which has been as a beneficent wind moving across and guiding your voyage of seeking and discovery.

Those attitudes allow one to become aware of the simple joy available to one who is not limited by the definitions of self which the limitations of the body seem to impose. Accept and respect that within you which is moved by the spirit. And listen to the inner voice as to an honored guest.

We leave you in the peace of this process of living by faith, now and ever. Amen.

*November 25*

*Yesterday’s Faith*

I am a particle of the love of Christ, the spirit sent forth to enliven the world which lies in darkness. I greet you in the consciousness of that love which is powerful enough to banish night.

Yesterday’s faith is not today’s, nor is hope for tomorrow a substitute for the present consciousness of redemption. If you seek to know the consciousness of love, seek in the here and now, not through memory or through desire for future good. For it is in the present moment that your darkness resides. It is the present darkness over which you have potential power, through the grace of Jesus Christ and through the love of love itself.

Know you not that seeking for light, even in a dark present, can at least crack open the gates of light? And for that slight, illumined crack of light, there is no price valuable enough to purchase so dear a thing! For only a little light, sought for and found, may illuminate all of your present darkness if you can but will it so.

Thus, do not depend upon your faith as if it were a constant thing, for, like food for the body, the nourishment of the soul, being light, must be taken daily, and, indeed, periodically within each day, that you may replenish the light within you which comes from another dimension.

From the dimension of peace, we wish you peace, now and always. Amen.

*November 26*

*Claim Your Good*

I am of the principle and spirit of Jesus the Christ and I greet you with the full consciousness of love.

Today I ask you to take hold of your divine good.

There are many situations which do not appear to hold divine good. Yet appearances can be deceiving.

The cry of the child seems full of misfortune. Yet there is the divine good of the cry answered—the nurturing mother who comes and holds the little one to give it comfort and nourishment.

So, too, be not afraid to speak up, to reach out, to know that your good is before you, to ask for it and if you see it not, to ask again. Many are the times that that good is half-hidden or perhaps completely obscured by other things which may not be of divinity, but petty, inconsequential and of the moment. Those things that are not of divinity to you, pass them by and claim your good.

For that which is divine is there for you, just as that which is not. That which is everyday is also before you. Look always for that which is of divine consciousness. Claim your good. Know divine love. And in all ways that you may be able this day, express the consciousness of love that gave you the faith to look for and claim your divine love and good.

We leave you in this consciousness which cannot be understood but only experienced, the consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

The consciousness of His healing peace be with you, now and ever. Amen.

*November 27*

*The Tide Of Spirit Within*

I am the spirit of living love and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love in Jesus Christ.

The sea seems to flow, calm or stormy, with rhythms of its own. And only the sailor who gazes from the shore sees the water meet the earth. One who stands upon the strand of life sees that the water never rests, moving always in rhythm, utterly sensitive to those forces which cause it to advance upon the land and then retreat into the deeps.

So is the seeker’s soul, walking along that ever-changing tidal point of water and earth, of spiritual and natural man. The boundary is not clear but ever-moving and ever-responsive to those great forces of spirit which move, alike, the waters of deep consciousness and the conscious creature who carries the seed within him.

Listen each day, each hour, to the sound of the tide of spirit within, that you may ever draw sustenance from the water; that you may be unafraid of the deeps within you. For you are that sailor who stands upon the shore and makes the choices of when to wade and when to be immersed in spiritual consciousness.

We wish you peace, the peace of water ever-moving, the creative peace which rests in love, now and ever. Amen.

*November 28*

*Contemplate Freedom*

I am the voice of Him who comes in the name of love and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

How many things are before each of you today, things that seem to be cages, traps, limitations and limiters of freedom?

This day, let us contemplate freedom. For what is it to be free?

To be free is to be that entity which realizes itself an actor, an heir of Christ and a son of the Creator, an affirmative and utterly free sensibility and consciousness.

The outer details and conditions of this day need have veritably no relevancy to your self-concept of the joy of freedom. For if, in your heart and in your mind, you are free to think and to choose and to act, then you have found the greater portion of love. For you are then able to act, to love, to comfort, and to seek to understand.

Use the freedom that is yours affirmatively, not against or in spite of people or conditions, but moving always straight as the arrow to its mark, knowing, feeling and being free: free to love, free to understand, and free to console. And as you console, so shall you be comforted.

The spirit of Jesus Christ is with you always in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*November 29*

*Black, White And Gray*

I am the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ, of the consciousness of love in the vibration which comforts this instrument. I greet you in the name of love and in its full consciousness.

As always, we bring you news of the kingdom, the kingdom which you call heaven but which is, in fact, the kingdom of true perception. For as you gaze about you within your quotidian days, your rituals and rites of dailiness, you judge and deem the nature of all things in shades of gray.

Yet in the kingdom of heaven are all things light. The thought of blackness is possible as a supposition but as an actuality, the concept of the mixture of white and black becoming gray is unthinkable, for light is exclusive to light, and all things are filled with that light to the exclusion of any shade or variation.

Thus at this moment each soul is full of light, full of life, and full of true perception. Yet your quotidian eyes bring about a curtain of shadow, an illusion which colors action and makes it possible.

Attempt, within your world of gray, as you act, to realize that behind all action there is an absolute reality. Therein lies the strength of faith and thence you may obtain the will to persevere in any circumstance, knowing that true perception shall yield to you the full consciousness of love and the absolute lucidity of light.

May peace be yours, now and always. Amen.

*November 30*

*The Skin Of Your Illusion*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

Take a moment this morning to gaze at the many imperfections of the skin which covers your physical body and know that it is the metaphor for all the imperfections of the world about you.

Turn inward and walk, within the mind, up the dark tower of good intention, resting at the landing to remove that imperfect outer covering. Behold! There is a basin of living water which may cleanse and make alive that which is wholly spiritual within you. Bathe freely and joyously.

Rise, then, step by step, until the dark tower opens into the seat of prayer, where the soul gazes out the window into divine light. Know that that cleanliness of soul which you desire has been seated deep within, so that, as you move down those same stairs and don again the imperfect covering of humanity and go out now into the mundane creation, you shall shine from within with the light of Christ.

For that which is outer in the world or in person is only a covering which partakes of imperfection and which partakes of an illusion. Never rest upon the surface of anything but, rather, upon the light of Christ within.

We leave you in the peace of this understanding and compassion, now and ever. Amen.

*December 1*

*The Bloom And Fruit Of Peace*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Peace is much sought after among your people. Yet as you gaze out upon a barren winter landscape you may not see the great peace which is engendered by all those plants as they dream within the seeds and roots of their being, creating by will and thought and the grace of Jesus Christ those formations and changes which in time shall bring forth bloom and fruit.

The human idea of peace is rest without thought. Yet the inner man seeks a different peace and must listen to the voices of the natural world and the inner signal of creation and inner change. This is the peace that is spiritual and frequently it feels not at all like peace but rather like strife. For change and growth are painful, and there may be long periods when there is no evidence of bloom or fruit.

May the peace of Jesus the Christ be your hope and your inner reality, that you may grow more and more into the kingdom of heaven. We leave you in the peace that truly passes all human understanding, now and ever. Amen.

*December 2*

*The Heavenly Food Of Love*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

Let not any fear dismay you this day. Let thy shoulders turn towards that which warms the soul. Let thy heart rest on that which feeds the heart. For the heavenly food of love and joy permeate the creation. And to one who can open like a flower to feel the subtle sunshine of silent love within creation, there is abundant thanksgiving in all directions.

Be aware of the plenty, the fullness, the grace, and the surety of love. You are loved most deeply. Go your way therefore in peace, carrying within you the precious burden of that love, that you may share it with a universe all too unaware of its own glory.

We leave you in love and peace, in the name and spirit of Jesus the Christ, now and forever. Amen.

*December 3*

*The Blessedness Of Agony*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of love, the principle of Jesus Christ in the vibration which comforts this instrument and many besides.

We come to all, to each in the vibration which may comfort each, for Christ discriminates not betwixt souls, considering one to be more blessed or beloved than another. Nor does the principle of love consider one situation to be more blessed than another.

You who are fortunate and content may consider yourselves blessed, yet you are no more blessed or beloved than the soul which is in torment or in agony. When the soul may begin to see the blessedness of agony and the glory of honest error and slothful iniquity, embracing all and offering all alike to Christ in thanksgiving, then we may speak more and more clearly and more often.

The seasons of repentance are also seasons of fruitful listening to those who seek to cherish their pain but not the agony which produces pain. Cherish not your hurt but your sin, offering it and all of your old life to Christ. For in the surrender of responsibility is also the acceptance of redemption. We say this not to encourage a spirit of carelessness but rather a deeper responsibility; that is, the responsibility to see the face of Christ and not the face of humankind. For are you not a dweller in eternity?

We offer you eternal peace, now and ever.

*December 4*

*The Instinct Of Creation To Praise*

I am of the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ who comes in the name of the one infinite God. I greet you in the full consciousness of Christ, which is love.

Every creature which is perfect of its kind is a true picture of the face of God. Each flower that blooms shouts with its colors in praise and blessing of the One who made it. All that is, is full of the instinctive love of its Creator.

Humankind alone removes itself again and again from the Creator’s praise, interpreting the signs and events of experience in ways that do not honor the love that created all. Do you think that you bloom with truer colors than the flower, you who doubt that each experience is full of love? Again you betray the love and honor which would be yours to offer if those who were self-conscious were also fully conscious.

It is the faith which we who are of the principle of Christ seek again and again to strengthen in you which alone can inform human consciousness of the divinity of all things and of their true color. Praise is not possible for most who are self- conscious without such aid. And yet the instinct to praise and bless one’s Creator is a true part of your makeup.

Seek, then, the grace of the Holy Spirit, that you may become a blooming flower, rejoicing in the light of a sun that always shines regardless of the appearance of evanescent clouds.

*December 5*

*The Realization Of Right Action*

I am of the spirit of the one God in the consciousness of love which is Christhood. I come in the name of Jesus Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of Christ’s love.

Just as it is not known to this instrument what I shall say, so it is not known to us, ourselves, what the consciousness of love in a particular application may be until that moment comes. Though you desire to apprehend aforetimes those things which you seek to know about a coming situation, they are impossible to know well, and the guessing and supposing thereof will only confuse and muddle your prayers.

Await the moment in which discrimination and action are necessary and pray heartily for the spontaneous realization of right action. If you wish to pray beforehand for right action, pray that right action may come to you at the proper moment. For did not Jesus teach you that you did not need changes of clothing or food for your journey but, instead, could rely on the good graces of the Father to give you all that was needed?

Trust, then, that the wind of the spirit shall blow at your back and within your heart at the precise moment at which you need wisdom and thus allow the full and spontaneous power of Christ’s love to enliven and transform your experience.

We leave you in the peace of the love of Christ, now and ever.

*December 6*

*You Must Wait In Faith*

I come in the name of Jesus Christ, the consciousness of love in that vibration peculiarly apt for this instrument. I greet you in Jesus’ name.

We perceive that there are many doubts as to the efficiency of prayer even among those who believe most fervently in prayer and follow its ways, for you do not feel that your prayers are always heard. Yet you ascribe to us the deafness of your own ears.

It is said that in everything there are seasons, and, indeed, you who dwell in the desert of Earth will experience many, many seasons of loneliness and desolation. For your ears are stopped against the words offered, which are always there. The hand of Jesus touching yours cannot be felt by your numb fingers. And the truth that is offered is not seen because you are blind.

Then it is that you must wait in faith, in the blankness of the desert sun, for the oasis of grace that will unstop your ears and enliven your fingers, open your mouth to praise and free the eyes of the scales of doubt.

It is truly said that you do not know the day or moment wherein the Son of Man cometh. Jesus stands, awaiting the season of your open heart. You cannot force it but must await it. When it comes, will you be ready to acknowledge, accept and be transformed by it?

We commend you to watch and wait in patience and faith, offering your agony to Christ with the same praise that you offer your joy. Thusly you shall find peace, now and always.

*December 7*

*You Are The Rainfall*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and greet you in the full consciousness of divine love.

The sun awakes and peeps over the horizon. Does the sun have eyes that gaze upon the earth? We think not, for were it to gaze and judge, the sun would shine on one but not upon another.

The rain moves over the land and feeds alike the stinking sewer and the fertile farmland. There is no judgment within the creation of the Father but only the balancing of harmonies.

You, too, are the sun. You, too, may shine upon all or you may choose to save your light for some and not for others.

You, too, are the generous, gentle rainfall that makes all things new. Yet you, too, may choose through judgment to restrict that blessed plenty of water, that precious food of life.

This day we ask one thing of each. Know that you shine, that you can be most fertile in fruit as a child of the Father.

But know also that judgment removes you from the Father’s side so that you are the prodigal son or daughter. Then the sun does not shine nor the rain fall in your own private world. For as you judge others, so shall your experience be.

Refrain this day from judgment. Ask only for the opportunity to love, to shine, and to bless with your plenty.

In peace, in love, and in joy we leave you, now and forever. Amen.

*December 8*

*Thy Will Be Done*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the beauty of complete and divine love which is the nature of that consciousness.

Many of you seek to become more and more as you may understand the mind of Jesus the Christ to be. To be pondered in this regard is the helplessness of Jesus nailed to His tree of death and resurrection.

Sometimes the soul who serves the positive and the good finds oneself incapable of producing any fruit to the spirit or any aid to consciousness except the affirmation, “Thy will be done—and that cheerfully.”

In those times when you feel helpless, release that helpless feeling, for your help is near. Sometimes to be helpless is to be of great service. And it is then time, always, to ask for the company and the comfort of the consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

We leave you in love and peace, now and ever. Amen.

*December 9*

*The Rags And Bones Of The Mind*

I am of the principle of Jesus the Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of love.

The deep recesses of your conscious mind contain the rags and bones, the scraps and oddities, that have become useless to you and garbage within the heart. The spirit of the living God urges you to clean house. For that which flows through you is blocked and weakened by these old rags of sadness, jealously, anger, desires for revenge, and, most of all, the dividing of self against self.

Self-criticism is an enormous stumbling block to one who wishes to experience and live a life upheld by love and bounded about by eternity.

Clean house, my children. Release all that has been considered waste. You do not need these sorrows as knives turned against the self. You merely wish them so that you do not blow away as the weight of past experience is lifted.

My children, you shall not blow away but, rather, shall be hollowed out at last, sorrow having done its work. A deeper, gentler, braver heart lies ready for the wind which whispers the spirit and the message of love.

We leave you in this peace and this love, now and ever. Amen.

*December 10*

*Like Minerals In Soft Rains*

I am the spirit of the consciousness of the love of Christ, and I greet you in the love that is power and might and glory, creating without end all that there is and rejoicing in the creation.

I come in the vibration which comforts this child of God, and I come to each who calls me in each seeker’s own need, with each seeker’s vibrations and necessities of consciousness in mind. For we would not distress any by teachings which are confusing but would rather speak in the native tongue of each heart, our feet planted in the native soil of each seeker’s fertile ground.

For each seeker is a garden wherein is planted the Word: love. And love may create for each seeker a wonderful garden of fruit and harvest that blooms and yields forever. Yet without love, the ground wherein the seeds of love lie is barren and lifeless.

We who comfort are like minerals in soft rains, adding to the soil what is needed of the consciousness of love. Seek, then, in your own native tongue, to know the will of Christ in your life and we shall fall upon you like rain, and the seeds of love within you shall rejoice.

Peace be with you, now and always. Amen.

*December 11*

*Hope*

I am the son of God, a principle created by an inspired and inspiring life and teaching. We greet you in the full consciousness of that love which is in Jesus the Christ.

This instrument is quite doubting this morning, for she feels that it is hopeless to attempt true communion with her experiences at this time being difficult emotionally. Yet to those especially troubled we give a special invitation. The spirit of the Lord Jesus Christ, that force which by any other name is the same, desires to comfort all His people as it is written in your holy work, the Bible. There need be no stragglers of hopelessness; no long line of those who wait and watch for a glimmer of hope.

To those who suffer this day, we ask that each spend time in a nurturing atmosphere. When this is impossible physically may we encourage you with godly hope to reserve that portion of yourself which is the balance point and from that point to trust that the harmonic plan of life is indeed right where it should be.

If this is not seen to be so, then the perspective has not yet become full enough for a greater understanding. Be patient under this limitation and persevere in hoping. For those things for which we hope are those things which shall manifest in your life.

We urge you to the peace and harmony of the created God in men, both now and forever. Peace. Peace. Amen.

*December 12*

*Come, Worship Life Within You*

I am the spirit of that which all men seek, the spirit of love. I am of the principle of the Father and of the redemption of the Son. I greet you in the full and perfect confidence of the consciousness of love.

It is unknown to many of your peoples what kind of God created the myriad of universes and the infinite detail that makes up each life. And yet if the powers of observation function even feebly, the nature of the Creator can be seen. For no story within the creation has a true ending. All things are propagated again and again, to shine in glory from season to season. The creation is rich with seeds of life and seeds of consciousness.

Thus it can be seen that we as spirit are alive because the Creator is God of life. And if there is within you death, yet it is not the death of aught save hands and feet, not the death of thought or love or consciousness.

Thus we offer to you not the sensations which end in death but those which offer to your consciousness fruit for heart and soul, always renewed, always transforming. Come and worship life and love in the infinite consciousness within you. We who comfort are here to comfort infinitely.

May you be washed, bathed and blessed in the comfortable peace that fears not death: the love of Christ. Amen.

*December 13*

*The Personal Nature Of Love*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of Christ. I greet you in His perfect love and in the holy name of the Son of God.

It is through the mediation of Jesus, the man who spells salvation for you, that I speak, and not only from God. For it is the Creator’s desire to personify consciousness into godliness and to generalize personhood into creation itself, so that experience may become infinite and infinity may be experienced.

It is to those who accept the personal nature of love that love shall be given most fully. For it is to the adoring heart that love may speak most clearly.

And how to adore that which is impersonal?

We come in consciousness. We are consciousness. And we speak to consciousness. Know yourself as the personhood of God in Christ and turn your faces in adoration to the person of the Creator, which comes for you and to you and through you.

We are only extensions of the spirit of that great drive of the consciousness of love; only the principle that extends the liveness of the Creator.

In peace we are with you, now and always.

*December 14*

*The Inner Snow*

I am of the principle of divine love. I greet you in the full consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

We gaze upon your first snow of the winter and the emotional response from each to such a wonderful spectacle of nature. Within you, too, in many, many layers, are the light snows, the slight drifting, or even the avalanche.

This is especially true at a time when that light which generates prana is at its least effective within your culture. And so you must be light, power and comfort to those who seek out your information, not weighing your own merits in any way but merely asking that you may do the work which was created for you before the world was and certainly, specifically, before the incarnation that you now enjoy.

Look out the window and enjoy the snow. It is a spontaneous, gentle gift from one whose peace passeth all understanding, now and ever.

*December 15*

*The Nature Of Love*

I am the Holy Spirit of the full consciousness of the principle of love. I greet this child in the vibration which comforts it. Greetings in peace in the name of Jesus Christ, who came to be God in man that men could better know how to love.

It is in loving the God of all things that the first lessons must abide. Whether the object be men or God, it is only God that can be loved fully.

Thus to some it is well that time be given in which the Father is focused upon to the exclusion of all human things. For unless love is bound up in love of the Father it shall sputter and die, as all earthly things do. Confused and sad is the man who attempts to love others without understanding the nature of love.

To others it is more helpful that the face of God be seen among men and that the hand be outstretched among all. To these who are not abstract in mind, the face of God will always wear the face of a human.

Whatsoever your inclination, perceive love in its rightful nature as the love in which the Father created you.

Peace be with you, now and evermore.

*December 16*

*Must You Deserve The Word?*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of love, and I greet you in the name of the Christ.

We pause to await this instrument’s perfect readiness and surrender to the voice of love which speaks to those who need not deserve such a gift. It is written that Jesus Christ came to save sinners, as if there were within humanity a pristine and spotless category of those who do not sin. We, too, who are of the principle of the love of Jesus Christ, come only to those who do not deserve to hear our words, for by no means can one earn love or the consciousness of love.

Whatever your confusions or distresses, know, each of my children, that the Father has sent a living Redeemer, a living love and a living spirit among you, one that does not gauge what each soul has earned, but, rather, observes the place which each soul has made within the heart to grasp and yearn for our words and thoughts.

The concepts of holiness can never be bought with any price except that of surrender to faith, the faith that love, by means of love, shall bring each iota of consciousness at last into love.

Love and peace, then, be with you at this moment and always.

*December 17*

*Nothing But Darkness*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of the love of Jesus Christ. I greet you in the power of that love.

May all be well with you this day as you realize that only in the spirit can any meaning be made clear to you, the nature of any obstacle revealed or the depth of misunderstanding repaired.

The greatest illusion of your illusion is the apparent difference in vision betwixt day and night, for it would seem to suggest that there is as much clear and lucid sunlight to illumine understanding as there is darkness to cover it. Yet there is nothing but darkness in the illusion. The shining light of truth and peace enter in your inner eyesight only upon request.

Request, then, that Christ be with you, that the spirit of Christ remain with you always. For how else shall you see into matters too deep for your earthly sun to reach?

We leave you in the mystery of peace, peace unending. May God bless you.

*December 18*

*The Weather Of Your Journey*

I am the spirit of the living Christ and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

How easy it is to gaze upon the face of your existence and find difficulties and disharmonies. What is not generally known is that it is just as satisfactory to appreciate the beauty around one. The deeper point that we are trying to make is that daily bread is a modest request, yet of the most deeply intuitive and magical substance that can be given to humankind.

With the mind centered and resting in a place of peace and power, confidence and trust, that person need not experience traumas in the same way as an excitable person. Look at the day outside. Some skies are sunny and some a beautiful pearl gray of winter days without storms.

Whatever your environment, you are there as a kind of pilgrim or missionary, ready to help those around you and of a substance entirely your own, as you have begun to find your authentic self. We wish you a persistent and strong heart and a will that does not stop to move ahead with this pilgrimage of the learnings of the spirit.

We hope you may ask us to be with you.

We are those who come to you in the name of love and of light. Adonai.

*December 19*

*Open To The Spirit*

I am of the principle of unconditional love and I greet you in the name and the peace of Jesus Christ.

“Without Me you can do nothing.” You have heard these words many times. They are not words to be taken literally. Think of the sentence, “Without love one can do nothing,” and realize that you are here at this blessed time of darkness, pregnant with your soul just as the earth, so bleak and bare seemingly, is pregnant within with all the blossoms and fruits of the harvest to come.

Whatever your spirit is, this is the time for its renewal. This is the time for its swaddling, its nurturing, the keeping of it quietly, confidently and with no need for outer expression.

Allow this young, new sense of self to be open to the Spirit which you call Holy, that you may be renewed and that the face of the earth may, one person at a time, be changed.

We leave you in the peace of this pregnancy of self. Cherish yourself. Cherish your spirit and rest in peace and love, now and ever. Amen.

*December 20*

*Hollow A Place For Love*

We are those of the full principle of the love of Jesus the Christ and we greet you in that divine consciousness.

This instrument, like so many, has over-concern for the events of the day, not seeing the magic, the ambience and the comfort of every passing moment. For did not the spirit of love come into the things unseen, unformed and unknown, to create patterns of love and power and wisdom, not by moving to those who are over-concerned but by flowing through channels which love has been allowed to hollow within the breast of humankind?

Thus we ask you to be unconcerned on a deep level, regardless of the busyness and the difficulty of the day ahead. Rest, rather, in the extraordinary comfort offered by universal, all-powerful and all-present love. Rest. Be comforted. And know that if you but hollow out the space and time within you, love shall do its perfect work through you, not as you imagine it should be done in every case, but as love itself requires.

We leave you in the peace of the knowledge of divine love. It is a peace which, though unpredictable in its mechanisms, is infinitely predictable in the standard of love which it bears proudly. May peace and love ride into your life and fill that hollow place where trouble dwelt, now and always. Amen.

*December 21*

*Seeds Of Light*

I am of the consciousness of the love of Jesus Christ. I greet you in that love and wish you the joy of the Feast of the Nativity.

Feast it is, as light comes into the world, ever-darkened, ever- pregnant with that which is to be. For darkness is the perfect home of future things. So the inside of your heart’s nature lies, black and fecund, awaiting the insertion of seeds of light that only you may acknowledge and nurture through the grace of your own calling upon the consciousness of love. By that call, great things have been accomplished.

Yet we are not bearers of the seed, but you. Therefore, carry your darkness proudly and bewail it not. But rather be ye perfect farmers of the seeds of the full consciousness of the love of Christ.

May peace be born in you this day and evermore. Amen.

*December 22*

*Celebrate The Mass Of Christ*

I am that inflow of divine love which is called the spirit of Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of Christ’s love.

The days grow short and because of the season you scurry about, arranging and rearranging the symbols of joy and peace so that you may come to the celebration day, the birthday, of Jesus the Christ. You move about, make and carry out many plans, and before the season itself is upon you, already you are foot-weary, heart-sore, and feeling that the true spirit of Christ’s mass has disappeared.

Yet have you asked for the spirit to move within your thoughts of consciousness to show a different panoramic view of this season?

May you do so more and more frequently, turning always to the infinite love that is consciousness in Christ. Then all feet shall no longer be weary. Hearts shall no longer burn with anxiety, and those candles which are lit shall be lit with limitless love.

Bow your heads, my children, so that when next you look up you may see the grace of infinite love and you shall be comforted.

Now and ever, we leave you in peace. Amen.

*December 23*

*To Smile Or To Frown*

I am of the principle of divine love. I greet you in the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

What have we to say about the world as you gaze at it this day? Perhaps today we would wish you to see that which is behind the daily matters which shall parade this day before your eyes.

Many things shall occur within this day and you shall have many opportunities to smile or to frown; to speak the kind word or the harsh one; to react impulsively or to take it easy and gaze at a situation long enough to gauge its total nature.

Perhaps, this day of all rushing Christmas days, we would suggest to each to take the time to slow down and to consider, in all the hustle and bustle, in all the choices that are made, that the great choice is always for merriment and for the expressions of love and sharing. All other considerations of preparation and business have not the priority of offering and manifesting the love of Christ in God.

May you stop and sense that abiding, deep, magical and peaceful presence. And in each choice that you make this day, may that feeling of peace empower and strengthen your ability to choose well your manifestation to the outer world.

You are children of the Most High. May you experience your birthright this day.

We leave you in love, joy and peace, both now and evermore. Amen.

*December 24*

*The Manger Within*

I am of the principle of divine love and I greet you in the full consciousness of that love.

We find this instrument’s mind revolving not about things of the spirit but about the processes the day shall bring, each item more wonderful and precious than the next, for this day is the eve of the mass of the Christ child, the mass welcoming the new child to birth, the new soul to its walk in the valley of death from which death alone may free him or any which dwell in this body of dust and clay.

May you truly rejoice to know that within yourselves lies a manger. Most of your mangers are poor. Most of them are humble. Most of you have not prepared a way and so must improvise when the Son of Man comes, when the gates of your heart are opened.

This is a time of coming into being. This is a time for you to make anew the welcome of the self towards that tiny, delicate, precious, new spiritual being which shall indwell each spiritual womb.

May you find the peace of Jesus’ mother and know that your spirit follows not the commands of the world but the commands of that consciousness in which He and all of your spirits partake.

May you wend you way in peace and the hope of glory within, now and ever. Amen.

*December 25*

*The Folly Of Christmas*

I am of the principle of the consciousness of love that is in Christ Jesus and I greet you in the full consciousness of our common divinity.

You have experienced the ritual bringing forth, into the world of sense and shadow, the unchangeable light which the darkness cannot quench. And to many who feel saddened this day, we say that it is acceptable to rejoice when the time is at hand and the ceremony of deity and man is celebrated.

But my children, know you this: faced with your humanhood and your clear perception of deity, it is a natural tendency for the spirit within you to be impatient that all days might be those birthdays wherein the spirit is born anew in every conscious being.

Beware of the folly of Christmas and rest your joy not only upon an occasion but upon a continuing and sometimes difficult to fathom stream of events and occasions within which the full spirit and caring of Jesus the Christ shines through. Be you those channels who do not need the occasion to rally themselves to the love of Jesus the Christ.

We leave you in the discipline and the freedom of Christ’s own peace, now and always.

*December 26*

*Christ’s Divine Care*

I am the spirit of the full consciousness of love. I greet you in the divine love of Jesus the Christ.

It is considered desirable by you to retain your spiritual point of view as you go through the experiences of your daily rounds of activity. And, indeed, we have always encouraged this attempt.

It may perhaps be seen that the reciprocal needs also the attention. That is, it is well to bring the seemingly mundane, everyday experiences of daily life into the holy atmosphere of divine meeting and contemplation.

For if life can be lifted up by thought, then its means of lifting comes not only from the higher idea to the lower manifestation but from manifestation gazing back upon that which is unmanifest and perfect.

In this way, those things which do not feel blessed may be brought into the circle of Christ’s divine care. And raveled and frayed though things may be, yet still all is comforted within that divine purview of love.

May we offer and leave you in the peace and the joy of the love of Jesus Christ, now and ever. Amen.

*December 27*

*Where Christ Awaits You*

I am of that principle known to you as Jesus the Christ. I greet you in the full consciousness of love divine.

We find this instrument’s mind this day a muddle of year-end business: things to be done, things to finish up for the old year, things to begin for the new. Her mind is not resting in the past or the future or the present but footling between them, attempting to make perfect that which has already been imperfectly perceived, while the attempt goes on in the future also to shape and position each prop and piece of business, that the stage of the future may be set well and performed upon perfectly. The present moment hardly exists in such a frame of mind.

Truly we grasp that in the darkness of your winter cycle it is well to put the old to rest and to welcome the new. But this day we ask you, in the spirit of divine love, to seat yourself first upon the holy ground of the present moment where Christ awaits you, meekly, humbly and without noise, silently, in the depths of your heart, in the inner room of the present moment. This is Christ the King, kneeling patiently and waiting for you to open the door.

May this feeling of presence be with you in love and in peace everlasting. Amen.

*December 28*

*Let Jesus’ Heart Be Yours*

I am of the principle of love and I greet you in the consciousness of Jesus the Christ.

All praise and glory be to the Lord of creation! Imagine the immensity of the galaxies, the infinity of the reaches of orderly, free-wheeling space and see in this immensity the great glory of the Holy One.

Know that you are part of that glory, for you, too, are a creation of the holy Father and a child of the Creator of all things.

Let Jesus’ heart be yours, then, and let the glory of the Father come upon you like the fire of the spirit of Jesus; move along your limbs like fire; move along your lips like fire, that you may utter those things which may be of service and that you may reach your hands in that same service, therefore adding to that great glory which daily grows, the glory of God in Christ.

May you be today a servant of love itself. And may love change the face of the earth.

In love, joy and peace, we leave you. Amen.

*December 29*

*Blessings*

We of the principle of love are with you and we greet you in the name of love: love unconditional; love divine; love infinite.

It is sometimes difficult in the daily round to perceive the glory of the creation. Take time this day to touch in mind and heart the beauties of scenery, character, grace and wit which refresh the weary soul.

Indeed, there are naught but blessings for the faithful. And all those things which seem difficult are blessings, much as the life experience itself, though difficult, is indeed a time of blessing, learning and achieving for the spirit within.

Let not those things which are below lose the reflection of that which is divine. For all things are instinct with the divine life of unconditional and perfect love.

We leave you in the name of Jesus Christ, in that love and peace, to create your experience this day as one of blessing and affirmation, now and forever. Amen.

*December 30*

*Drop The Rags Of Everyday*

I am of the spirit of that principle of love which was in Jesus the Christ. I greet you in that full consciousness of divine love.

How this instrument wrestles with its seeming imperfections! How reluctant is this instrument to bathe in the clean waters of forgiveness and move, then, cleanly and clad in white, into the sanctuary of the spirit’s meeting with self, body and spirit.

How many words it takes to deny the clear and shining perfection, the result of one moment of dreaming, to the cleansing, the whitening, the purification of the channel which is your physical, mental, emotional and spiritual self!

Shall you now let go of woe?

For this instant, see yourself as you are seen by the Christ- light, as a holy, perfect and acceptable infinite portion of an infinite creation that is, nevertheless, all one being.

We say to you in meditation, “Drop the rags of everyday. Dip in the pool of returning. Clad yourselves in robes of sufficiency and perfect love, and then, my children, wait. For that which comes to you may come in an instant, in an hour, or in a lifetime.”

Move yourself to the clean body, the cleanly desire and the focused love of Creator with child and of child with most beloved parent. These things you do, you do for yourself. Each turn to holiness you do as a celebration of love.

We leave you in the peace which lies beneath the struggle to see the sun. In sure knowledge that this peace shall come upon you as you turn to the light of Christ, we leave you in the light of that peace, now and ever. Amen.

*December 31*

*The Tightrope Of The Present Moment*

I am the spirit of infinite love and I greet you in the full consciousness of the love of Jesus the Christ.

What has the spirit to say to one who gazes upon the seeming end of one experience and the seeming beginning of a new experience? The spirit of love says at all times—and we would emphasize it this day—that each day is the New Year. Each day is the end of what has been.

These divisions of dark and light, warmth and cold, joy and penitence have been formed by the human mind and heart in response to the unimaginable complexities of the cycles of the natural world which you enjoy.

Yet we speak with the voice of love. Let this day, then, be to you all that it truly is: the ending of that which is past, the release of that which has caused pain and the forgiveness of that which has caused displacement from love in yourself and in all whom you meet.

Let this day be a celebration of peace. For within you all that keeps you from peace is your hard heart condemning the past and fearing the future. Release those judgments. They have nothing to do with the spirit and everything to do with those blockages that keep the seeking heart from the revelation of comfort and peace.

Know ye that outer peace shall never evolve until enough of your peoples find peace within. Balance, my children, upon the tightrope of the present moment in glad and fearless balance. For in this the spirit is your guide and your balance. We ask you to trust, not in what has been, not in what shall be, but in the being of all that there is. Bless it and celebrate it at the present moment.

Now may you in this day truly rejoice.

We leave you in the peace of the infinite cycles of time, space and spirit, now and ever. Amen.
